category	text
ham	"boeing be compete against europe 's airbus consortium for dominance of the international aviation market . the raid kill nine member of a french peacekeeping force "" which respond by destroy ivorian warplane . ms. osthoff and her driver disappear on november 25 in the region of northwest iraq . in an attempt to reduce the balloon national debt "" the rafiq hariri government in 2000 begin an austerity program "" rein in government expenditure "" increase revenue collection "" and pass legislation to privatize state enterprise "" but economic and financial reform initiative stall and public debt continue to grow despite receipt of more than $ 2 billion in bilateral assistance at the 2002 paris ii donor conference . the french - egyptian owner of the french newspaper france soir have fire an editor for reprint the cartoon . "
ham	"friday , august 30 : tension remain high in kirkuk "" whose status have yet to be resolve . despite the security "" iraq 's high education minister survive a bomb attack in baghdad that wound three people . one capital corporation violence in port - au - prince 's pro - aristide slum have kill more than 200 people in the last four month . "
ham	"turkish security official say one soldier and 12 kurdish rebel be kill in a clash in eastern turkey . on wednesday "" a u.n. official say international donor pledge an additional $ million for earthquake relief effort . indonesia seek on thursday to play down a fire bomb attack on a u.s. consulate earlier this week , say it be be treat as a criminal rather than a political act , the official news agency say . -docstart- taiwan 's central weather bureau say the typhoon make landfall early sunday and leave in the afternoon . "
ham	"international official have be press the bosnian serbs to cooperate with the court in the arrest and extradition of war crime suspect as require by the dayton peace accord that halt the bosnian conflict . narrow road in the century - old neighborhood hamper rescue effort "" leave many resident trap inside the area 's tightly - pack building . he also reject international threat to cut off palestinian aid "" say the palestinian people will not be blackmail . singer martina be name female of the year . subject to limit "
ham	"medical expert have say it be unlikely that the prime minister "" if he do emerge from the coma "" will be able to resume normal activity . mr. bush be seek more than $ 90 billion for the current fiscal year "" to go along with the $ 70 billion already approve by lawmaker . it be the late of dozen of embankment to fail to contain the rain - flood mississippi over the past 10 day "" ruin building and huge area of farmland . w l pct gb note the high cost of fuel "" venezuela say it want to reciprocate with a humanitarian gesture . "
ham	"-- bombay newsroom + 91 - 22 - 265 9000 the two lawyer have represent student activist . a publish report say u.s. military official in iraq know that american force be abuse detainee throughout that country "" more than a month before mistreatment at the abu ghraib prison be uncover . 15 - 6 8 - 15 15 - 10 7 - 15 15 - 12 some moslem refugee among the register voter hungary 's large camp have write to the osce complain that they be unable to vote in contest for the president or assembly of the bosnian - croat federation , where most moslems live . "
ham	"meanwhile "" u.s. ambassador zalmay khalilzad express concern that result show vote in other part of iraq be mostly divide along religious and ethnic line . critic of the kremlin have call the move for political activity by yukos founder mikhail khodorkovsky "" who be now in prison . the two man recently enter into a unity government under intense pressure from regional leader . the bomb attempt come two week after suicide bomber kill 52 people in the london subway system and a bus . division a "
ham	"there be no claim of responsibility . he have be highlight what he call the nation 's progress in the war on terrorism "" ahead of key election in november . xinhua say the ruin show that people have master build technique and have construct house and stone wall around their community . earlier report say the attack be carry out by a suicide bomber . also in northern iraq "" kurdish official say search team have locate a small plane that crash three day ago near sulaimaniyah . "
ham	"oxfam say more than one million people in mali be at risk . tehran say it want to produce low - grade fuel for peaceful nuclear power plant . nickel ( melt grade ) 9.0 - 12.0 cent / pound fourteen of them have be release . sheffield , england 1996 - 08 - 25 "
ham	"a suicide bomb attack on a convoy of canadian troop in southern afghanistan have kill three civilian "" include a canadian official . when firework light the sky at the beijing olympic open ceremony "" - will be make art . montreal 70 58 11 the u.s. maritime liaison office in bahrain say that "" although ship belong to u.s .- lead anti - terror coalition be operate in the area "" they can not monitor every ship that pass the east coast of somalia . of those in favor of the new constitution "" most say it need some amendment . "
ham	"the united state have criticize the move "" say it would violate the internationally - back road map peace plan that require israel to halt settlement growth . anbar be iraq 's large province and be believe to be an insurgent stronghold and transit route for foreign fighter . a new study say china 's economy will surpass the united state by "" and double by mid - century . meanwhile "" hundred of sunni arabs in ramadi and kirkuk march against the possibility of a federal iraq "" say they want a strong central government . oil price hit a 17-month low monday as investor worried that a global economic slowdown will cut demand for energy . "
ham	"rhythm & blue legend james brown be recover after undergo surgery wednesday for prostate cancer . follow be highlight of story in the irish press on friday . shrewsbury 3 2 1 0 6 3 7 kashmir be divide between india and pakistan "" but claim by both . earlier friday "" a minibus full of civilian collide with a u.s. tank north of baghdad "" kill six iraqis and injure eight . "
ham	"canadian prime minister stephen harper say the country will not pull its troop out of afghanistan "" despite opposition call for debate on the issue . many of those document return to the president 's administration the same day , "" he say . the world health organization say the h5n1 strain of the virus have kill at least 130 people since in asia in 2003 . china say archaeologist have unearth a "" 1 complex of tomb in eastern china 's province . oklahoma 's agricultural statistic service show similar condition , rating topsoil moisture level as seven percent surplus , 81 percent adequate and 12 percent short to very short . "
ham	3 0 1 2 3 8 1 mohammad akam united nation secretary - general ban ki - moon visit lebanon last week and call on leader there to set aside their difference and elect a new president . a south korean official say seoul have repatriate three north korean fisherman rescue from a boat drift in south korean water . talk be under way to complete the handover of three more town when israeli radio report today 's cabinet decision . 
ham	"from washington "" they will travel to new orleans to meet with victim of hurricane katrina . u.s. forecaster say tropical storm epsilon take shape tuesday and be slowly move westward over the central atlantic ocean . foreign expert say dimona be be use to produce nuclear warhead . montreal 71 60 11 the sudanese government have threaten to retake the town . "
ham	"he be on trial before the united nation war crime tribunal for genocide and crime against humanity stem from the balkan war of the 1990 . police say most of the passenger be sudanese but that there be also an unknown number of iraqis , jordanians , palestinians , syrians and saudis . medic say monday that the air strike hit near the border "" east of gaza city . but "" the al - qaida in iraq militant group lead by want terrorist abu musab al - zarqawi post an internet message "" vow to keep fight democracy in iraq . while the traditional agricultural export of banana "" coffee "" sugar "" and beef be still the backbone of commodity export trade "" a variety of industrial and specialized agricultural product have broaden export trade in recent year . "
ham	"selected by a nominate committee "" eligible songwriter ne to have be active for 20 year "" and to have compile an extensive of hit . it have recently spread to europe "" africa and the middle east . france and the netherlands be petition eu animal health expert so they can vaccinate their poultry . analyst have expect the index to fall slightly to 104 . mr. putin tell slovak medium tuesday relation between the two country be improve and in keep with moscow 's strategy of increase tie with country throughout central europe . "
ham	"official say the agreement cover colombia 's industrial and agricultural export . china say a japanese authorization of drilling in the area will on china 's sovereignty and complicate the situation in the east china sea . upon news of the pontiff 's death "" church bell in rome and throughout italy begin toll . on wednesday "" festival organizer issue a statement from mr. wong in which he say he be honor to serve as jury president . the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta "" or mend "" say in a statement that it release the hostage sunday in nigeria 's river state . "
ham	"recent study show that child who do not get enough sleep tend to have some emotional problem as well as weight gain later in life . military official say the man be seize along with his car in the city of warri tuesday . king be exile in 1990 "" but return to lesotho in 1992 and be reinstate in 1995 and subsequently succeed by his son "" king iii "" in 1996 . under islamic law in afghanistan 's constitution "" be by death . darfur rebel group have be fight the sudanese government since 2003 . "
ham	"a new public opinion poll indicate americans be become increasingly dissatisfied with the course of the war in iraq . in a statement from new york "" the medium right group be react to the niger government 's move revoke permission for a local bbc team to report on hunger issue . the european union also denounce the deadly bomb blast "" while pakistani president pervez musharraf call the attack "" a conspiracy against democracy . "" the timing of eid can vary in different country . he say iran have no undeclared nuclear facility . "
ham	"the french news agency "" afp "" quote local resident as say the blast occur just second after one of the bus passenger be see throw firecracker out of a rear window . nepal 's government say it will push ahead with plan parliamentary election even if maoist rebel do not come the negotiate table by january 13 . say other even more photo be take but it do not print them . fight break out between the rebel and government troop near early this week . in 1974 "" he earn a in international law at new york university in the united state "" where he also teach for several year . "
ham	"in 2010 the vote to retake the name of the people 's party ( ) "" a name it use in the early 1920s . ms. hassan head iraqi operation of the international charity care "" as an employee of the group 's australian branch . u.s. government regulator have give tentative approval to a new drug - combination aids pill aim at make treatment easy . company name liu chong h investment ltd the violence be the late in southeastern turkey . "
ham	"the president of russia and syria have hold talk at the kremlin amid controversy over a report weapon sale between their nation . "" what we have to be extremely careful of be how other country be go to take germany 's lead , "" national farmer ' union ( ) chairman john lloyd jones say on bbc radio . bird flu have kill 113 people worldwide since 2003 - mostly in asia . official say the bomber drive into the middle of the service before detonate a blast . despite the rise claim for unemployment insurance "" u.s. company be squeeze more productivity out of their shrink workforce . "
ham	"the crackdown lead to chaotic demonstration at several stop on the international leg of the torch relay for the beijing olympic that begin in august . some country begin observance monday . new york 1996 - 08 - 22 prosecutor accuse him of misuse $ "" 3 in government fund while taipei mayor . the armed force remain on the sideline during the 2007 presidential election "" but still look to the un integrate office in sierra leone ( ) - a civilian un mission - to support effort to consolidate peace . "
ham	"church official in belgium "" germany and ireland also have openly criticize the vatican for fail to come to term with the crisis and for fail to help its victim . a european union adviser say the palestinian authority will ask international donor for $ million in aid to support security in the palestinian territory . india 's chief minister for jammu kashmir state "" azad "" have order an investigation . the virus have be confirm in five other african nation - burkina faso "" cameroon "" egypt "" niger and nigeria . venezuela have say it would take majority control of oil project along the orinoco river "" where the private company have invest billion of dollar . "
ham	"he be place under house arrest in islamabad "" but not jail because he be consider the father of pakistan 's nuclear bomb . pakistan 's military say at least 30 militant and six soldier have be kill during fight sunday in the north waziristan tribal region . beirut 1996 - 08 - 26 follow the july 7 bus and subway bombing in london "" denmark "" an american ally in iraq "" have also be identify as a terrorist target . venezuela 's vice president say military official at the u.s. embassy in caracas help pass state secret to the pentagon . "
ham	"hundred of soldier be stand guard at the dispute site where hindu extremist destroy the 16th century mosque "" say it be build by destroy a temple at the of their god - king . -docstart- detail of the fight "" as well as casualty figure "" could not be independently confirm because of ongoing violence in the region . in 2005 "" haiti pay its arrear to the world bank "" pave the way for with the bank . woman 's 1,000 metre "
ham	"more than "" 2 kenyan be eligible for the anti - retroviral drug "" but just a fraction be use the medication . the cayman island be colonize from jamaica by the british during the 18th and 19th century and be administer by jamaica after 1863 . rctv deny the accusation . sunni arab group in iraq be blame shi'ite - lead security force for the kill of 14 sunni arab man whose body be find friday in baghdad . south africa 's former economic policy be fiscally conservative "" focus on control inflation "" and attain a budget surplus . "
ham	"soccer - portuguese first division results . argentine medium be report that a cuban dissident have seek refuge at the argentine embassy in havana . the bus be on its way from sichuan to ningbo "" a coastal city south of shanghai in eastern zhejiang province china 's road be among the most dangerous in the world with accident often cause by reckless drive "" poor road condition and overloaded vehicle . official say none of her family member be find to have the deadly form of bird flu . nigerian vice president goodluck jonathan say the country 's ail president will return to nigeria soon . "
ham	"jakarta 1996 - 08 - 27 the economy rebound in 2010 with a big boost from export "" especially to germany "" and growth of more than 2.5 % be expect in 2011 . the egyptian government be intensify its crackdown on the ban islamist political group . 1996 - 08 - 29 men 's 400 metre "
ham	"rtrs - guinness peat expect strong full yr . the iaea board will consider the request during its november 24 meet . indian army spokesman lieutenant colonel say the fight end tuesday "" with eight soldier and 17 militant "" kill since friday in the kupwara district . india block the comprehensive test ban treaty ( ) at the conference on disarmament in geneva , say the pact do not contain a clause commit the five declare nuclear power to a timetable for nuclear disarmament . first test : lord 's - pakistan win by 164 run "
ham	"for the year "" pet food volume be flat "" the company say . a shoot be fire , but onlooker manage to disarm the man . general be the fourth high - rank serb suspect to turn himself in this year for allege crime during the 1990 balkan war . adelaide 21 8 0 13 32 french official say they want to get in contact with al - qaida - link militant in hop of gain the release of five french national and two africans kidnap in niger last week . "
ham	"several foreign national have be kidnap and release in gaza this year . france "" germany and britain have warn iran it will answer to the united nation security council if it resume uranium enrichment activity that the united state say could produce fuel for nuclear bomb . pakistan 's foreign minister "" khursheed kasuri "" recently say the government have decide against mining its border with afghanistan "" but still intend to build a fence along part of it . iran and the u.s. discuss iraq 's security situation in may "" during the high - level talk between the two country in nearly 30 year . the agency say it be wrap up april food distribution in eastern chad "" where it look after some "" 2 refugee from darfur . "
ham	"anchorage , alaska 1996 - 08 - 22 official say one blast kill 17 people gather at an outdoor cafe . journalist travel with him have to agree not to break news of the trip until his visit be underway . give the republican party 's weekly saturday radio and internet address "" illinois congressman mark kirk say his party 's suggest reform be "" common sense . "" the leader be expect to use the summit "" which open monday "" to pressure rich country for more engagement in africa . "
ham	the project represent a major foreign investment into china 's natural gas sector . the islamic state of iraq be an umbrella group that include al - qaida in iraq and other sunni insurgent faction . 1996 - 08 - 28 several thousand au troop and police officer be already in darfur . he also say palestinian militant marwan barghouti will remain in jail despite his plan to run in the palestinian authority presidential election on january 9 . 
ham	"atlanta 81 49 - the united state be urge uzbekistan to give fair and humane treatment to a journalist recently arrest for violate the uzbek constitution . in 2003 "" the government begin a comprehensive restructure of the economy - include elimination of price control "" privatization of the state banana company "" and tax increase - to address an economic and financial crisis and to meet imf requirement . the senate judiciary committee be schedule to hold a final vote on mr. alito 's nomination tuesday "" but opposition democrats demand a one - week delay - a move that anger republican . the dujail case be widely see as relatively compare to case of allege genocide and crime against humanity still under investigation . "
ham	"the cartoon publish in denmark be one of 12 that lead to deadly riot across the muslim world when they be first publish in 2006 . the republic of congo celebrate 50 year of independence sunday with a parade and ceremony in the capital "" brazzaville . tajikistan be seek wto membership and have join nato 's partnership for peace . spain 's mixed capitalist economy be the 12th large in the world "" and its per capita income roughly match that of germany and france . afghan man look at the "" with blood "" of mullah abdul fayaz suspect taleban militant have kill a lead muslim cleric in southern afghanistan . "
ham	"president bush have renew a one - year ban on import from military - rule burma . he say authority be fight a new kind of terrorism "" which require more time to investigate and often the cooperation of foreign agency . he say without more money spend on education "" america 's national security and competitive stand in the world be at risk . at least four thousand people be kill in insurgency - relate violence . but he say coalition withdrawal depend on a resolution from the u.n. security council and negotiation between the iraqi government and coalition force . "
ham	"he manage by a handle of his net to retain all the large fish and to draw them to the shore ; but he could not prevent the small fish from fall back through the of the net into the sea . leader of bahrain "" kuwait "" oman "" qatar and saudi arabia join uae official in abu sunday under tight security for the two - day meet . police say the cleric ( al - ) be kill in the northern city of mosul . elsewhere "" reuters news agency report u.s. warplane have again pound suspect militant position in eastern kunar province . he leave ivory coast in 2002 for self - impose exile in france . "
ham	"40 percent of the world 's smoker be think to live in china and india alone . figure release two week ago from japan 's seven large mill already show that japan 's can sheet output reach its high monthly level ever in july , reflect above - average temperature that spark a jump in beer consumption . a statement from nato - lead force in afghanistan say two u.s. soldier die from injury sustain in a "" hostile attack "" friday "" but decline to give further detail . it be useless attack the . tuesday "" u.s. and iraqi force say they be step up security effort ahead of sunday 's vote . "
ham	"it be his second assist - suicide in 36 hour and the 37th that he have acknowledge attend since start his for doctor assist suicide in 1990 . an armistice be sign in 1953 "" splitting the peninsula along a zone at about the parallel . the french news agency report that ask his afghan counterpart to work on improve relation with pakistan . the economic deal remove trade barrier between the united state and costa rica "" el salvador "" guatemala "" honduras "" nicaragua and the dominican republic . iran be locate on major fault line . "
ham	"the delegate meet twice sunday . sarajevo 1996 - 08 - 22 he be seek the party 's nomination to run for president in 2008 . at last report ( utc ) "" forecaster at the u.s. national hurricane center say paula 's maximum sustain wind have increase from 120 kilometer to 160 kilometer an hour . "" say michael , portfolio manager of mainstay international fund . "
ham	"the poll of adult "" take friday through sunday "" also find that 57 percent of americans feel the war have make them "" less safe "" from terrorism . ukrainian emergency official say five people have be kill in the crash of a small private passenger plane near kyiv . the serbs , who make up 10 percent of the province 's 1.8 million people , claim kosovo as the of their culture . on wednesday "" u.n. official say worker will continue to help the country prepare for the vote "" despite a deadly taliban attack on a kabul that kill five u.n. staff member . ukrainian lawmaker have set tuesday for a repeat vote on yulia tymoshenko 's nomination as prime minster . "
ham	"egypt to press britain over islamist conference . in caracas monday "" legislator from the rule party push the appointment through the congress . on thursday "" new delhi police say they arrest a suspect militant carry more than two kilogram of explosive . no player be involve . the attack have lead to an estimate 10-percent drop in nigerian oil production "" put pressure on world price . "
ham	"taiwan 's cooperative bank cut prime lending rate . the score be in response to india 's second inning score of 284 - 6 declare . thousand of demonstrator have march through london to protest the war in iraq and demand the withdrawal of british troop from that country . with the adoption of the us dollar as its currency in 2001 "" el salvador lose control over monetary policy . in his annual message publish thursday ahead of the roman catholic church 's annual world day of peace on january 1 "" the pope say the world be see a great gap between the rich and poor . "
ham	"squad : they have find house rig with explosive "" more than 100 explosive device and mine "" as well as 36 weapon cache . a serpent and an eagle be struggle with each other in deadly conflict . mr. wilson speak to the cbs television program "" 60 minute "" "" which release excerpt of his interview in advance of sunday evening 's broadcast . the total be now just over 4.8 million "" which be a record - high . "
ham	"penn treaty terminate acquisition pact . this decline continue in 2010 as the country struggle with a budget deficit . mr. castro make the comment late tuesday in a statement read by a to hundred of people attend a in the cuban capital . in its annual report "" human right watch say western country be wrong to leave peacekeeping duty in darfur to the african union "" which the group call a new institution with no peacekeeping experience . radical islamic leader say they would defy the ban and stage more protest . "
ham	"indian price end steady ahead of holiday . division three the who say the new - base drug must be use together with old malaria medication "" such as . he speak in singapore on monday "" and say the u.s. central bank could spark the downturn by raise interest rate too high "" the u.s. housing market . the late record high for oil follow another record low for the dollar compare to the euro . "
ham	"nine of the passenger be believe to be turkish national "" and three be american woman work for a health service agency . the government of neighboring pakistan have call for an inquiry into the matter . peruvian president alan garcia tuesday say he hop the region could work together as a bloc to help haiti . islamic jihad have carry out a string of recent suicide attack in israel . the united state designate more than 600 people capture in afghanistan as enemy combatant . "
ham	"result of final in the the taleban be against educate woman or send them for work outside the house . "" july be still above the historic average for that month , "" the say . since 2003 "" saudi arabia have be hit by a series of terrorist attack on saudis and foreigner . -docstart- "
ham	"it provide low - cost sea transportation between east and west "" extensive fishing ground "" offshore oil and gas field "" mineral "" and sand and for the construction industry . the united state ' only mobile field hospital have arrive in pakistan to help earthquake victim in pakistan 's devastate kashmir region . a major part of the legislation involve create a public health insurance plan . at least 30 people have be kill and about 100 injure in the flood - hit pakistani city of lahore , newspaper report on saturday . mr. previously be the spokesman for the national council of resistance of iran "" which washington have designate as a terrorist organization . "
ham	"authority say wednesday that the migrant "" hop to enter the united state illegally "" be aboard the vessel when it sink last friday off colombia 's coast . the rally come two day after the pakistani leader say in a televise address he have decide to retain both portfolio for the sake of the economic and political stability of the country . tuesday 's announcement come more than a month after the election . unofficial result show the rule fatah party of palestinian president mahmoud abbas win control of at least 61 of the 104 local council "" and hamas take 28 . the international organization doctor without border be report that more than 900 people have die from cholera in angola in just 10 week . "
ham	" the of the human heart  "" he say "" with a "" "" will keep the creature in his present condition until i can reach home and revive him on the coal . "" "" ! how pride before a fall . "" greek journalist and public transportation worker be stop work in the late round of strike protest greece 's economic austerity measure . full election result be expect by p.m. local time . a second u.n. team be verify that syria 's military and intelligence withdrawal from the country on tuesday be complete . "
ham	"include tonne change from unknown . stefan raichev tell a news conference the strike by more than half of the traffic controller and technician would paralyse traffic which have increase by 10 percent since last year . the mission be full of landmark : it will be the first time a south korean woman have head into orbit "" and it will also be the first time that "" "" - that "" dish that south korea - will be serve at the zero - gravity dinner table . official say quake survivor have be ask to leave the informal camp set up throughout the city because the facility lack adequate sanitation and pose a public health risk . various rebel group be fight for an independent kashmir or its merger with pakistan . "
ham	"she say the international red cross spend 10 day visit with detainee in late september . more than one - fourth of the population need emergency food aid in 2006 - 7 because of drought "" and more than one - quarter of the adult population have be infect by hiv / aids . the ministry say the campaign be force north korea to reconsider its participation in talk with the united state - an apparent reference to the six - party talk aim at end pyongyang 's nuclear weapon ambition . official say qinghai agricultural authority have the area where the dead bird be find . pakistani official say an accidental blast have kill five militant near the afghan border "" but resident dispute their account . "
ham	"the post also report that u.s. official be review an israeli company 's bid to buy a software security firm that do business with the defense department . million of americans traditionally enjoy a roasted turkey meal on this thursday 's thanksgiving day holiday . the bulk of artifact in taipei 's main museum be take from the city by the nationalists as they flee the chinese mainland at the end of the civil war in 1949 . the united state say there be more than "" 13 american military personnel give relief support to nation affect by the asian tsunami . mogadishu have endure more than a year of chronic violence stem from the conflict between islamist militant and ethiopian - back government force . "
ham	"he decline to describe interrogation method . -- u.s. municipal desk , 212 - 859 - 1650 the soldier "" whose nationality be not release "" die before he could be evacuate from the base in paktika province . tajikistan and the united nation be appeal for $ 5.3 million in international aid follow deadly flood and mudslide that kill at least 40 people . last year during a visit to moscow "" venezuelan president hugo chavez sign a long - term deal with russia to purchase $ 3 billion worth of helicopter "" fighter jet and arm . "
ham	"in a village north of baghdad "" authority say a suicide bomber kill at least nine people at a muslim gather late thursday . in new york "" the s&p future contract be down 18 point "" indicate a low open for u.s. stock . an indonesian health official "" "" say sample from dead man test positive for the virus at a hong kong laboratory affiliate with the world health organization . senegal have a long history of participate in international peacekeeping and regional mediation . san diego 4 new york 3 "
ham	"an influential iranian cleric have call for the arrest of opposition leader for their role in demonstration follow june 's controversial presidential election . movie industry analyst say man have the upper hand through career longevity and overall box - office appeal . mexico 's state - run pemex oil monopoly say six explosion believe to be sabotage have damage oil and natural gas pipeline in veracruz state . a suicide bomber blow himself up sunday in a northern iraqi cafe "" kill at least 13 people and wound 23 other in the town of tuz . the u.s. peace corps have evacuate 16 volunteer and suspend operation in the caribbean island nation of haiti amid escalate violence and security concern . "
ham	"the statement say the rebel "" who be hide in the area "" set off bomb target the security force "" who retaliate with heavy gunfire . a.l. williams corp. be merge into primerica corp. "" new york "" after a special meet of williams shareholder clear the transaction "" the company say . the squad have face accusation of corruption and intimidate the public . venezuelan president hugo chavez say he be "" put on the brake "" on his socialist revolution after voter reject his plan to reform the constitution . factional fight between the government and its opponent remain a drag on economic . "
ham	"but it slam damascus for create what it call a dangerous atmosphere . south korea 's foreign ministry say it have appeal to beijing not to send the asylum seeker back to north korea . the secretary say the issue of human right in china will be a long conversation over a long period of time . iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad have call for closer cooperation with syria "" as both country face continue diplomatic pressure from western government . health worker say the movement of displace people and an increase in sexual assault have cause the region to have the high hiv / aids rate in the country . "
ham	"he thus lose both : that which he grasp at in the water "" because it be a shadow ; and his own "" because the stream sweep it away . no palestinian militant group have comment on the incident . the official say nepalese soldier return fire "" and reclaim control of the town after a prolong gunbattle . the photo air by rtl be reportedly take a year later . the international court of justice in the hague begin hear argument on the issue tuesday . "
ham	those concern include refinery breakdown and a bad - than - usual hurricane season that could threaten vital offshore well . an australian and a palestinian have be kidnap at gunpoint in gaza city and those claim responsibility say the abduction be in response to thursday 's kidnapping of a palestinian intelligence officer . at least 17 people die in that fight . literature prize winner will not attend because of health problem . chelsea 2 coventry 0 
ham	"iraqi police say insurgent have carry out at least four more car bomb attack in baghdad and the northern city of mosul "" kill nine people and wound nearly 30 other . the united state say it be boost security at its diplomatic mission in saudi arabia due to monday 's attack . one soldier be discharge because of "" mental and ( ) of the brain , allege by the patient to be connect with a fall on the head but believe to arise from long continue and excessive . "" swiss bond end mostly high in generally quiet activity , with the september bond future contract hold just above . the president of the organization of petroleum export country "" sheikh ahmad al - ahmad al - sabah "" say oil minister this week will discuss the possibility of pump more oil in an effort to bring price down . "
ham	"in a statement release saturday "" the ayatollah call the failure of iraqi security force to decrease the violence plague the country "" serious . "" the rebel also have a group of nearly 60 hostage they want to exchange for hundred of rebel fighter jail by colombian authority . he call instead for phase of u.s. troop from iraq in the next four to six month . official in pakistan say a suspect suicide bomb blast near the home of a politician have kill at least four people . - king : jordan be enter a new era . "
ham	"television image show hundred of new orleans resident wait for help on dock or rooftop for several day after katrina hit . the government have move slowly on most major reform "" but have speed up privatization . nearby in baquba "" rebel attack on iraqi soldier and police kill at least 10 people . the demonstrator carry photograph of the officer "" "" who be shoot to death in a parking lot . nante 3 0 1 2 2 5 1 "
ham	"south korea say at least "" 1 north koreans have defect to the south this year . militant attack in southern and eastern afghanistan have escalate over the past 19 month "" mark the bloody period since the begin of the war . follow world war ii "" however "" there be an upsurge in scientific research on the continent . they also question his link to the international stun gun company that earn him million of dollar through stock option . lech poznan 7 5 0 2 12 9 15 "
ham	"on the first day of the term "" still with the cast under his shirt "" he find himself assign to the tough student in school . over 1.5 million tourist per year visit with 75 % of those from the us . lose , win percentage and game behind ) : once the difference between the two version be work out "" it will go to president bush for his signature . after almost four decade under us administration as the part of the un trust territory of the pacific island "" the marshall island attain independence in 1986 under a compact of free association . "
ham	"fight in afghanistan increase dramatically last year "" kill thousand and ignite tension between kabul and islamabad . colombo have say it believe tamil rebel , fight a 13-year war for independence against the government , finance their military activity through fund extort from expatriate sri lankan in western country such as the united state . the flea reply "" "" o my dear sir "" pray spare my life "" and destroy me not "" for i can not possibly do you much harm . "" vw see group net profit double in . the international energy agency add to supply concern with a forecast that world oil demand will grow this year . "
ham	"this final phase of vote will decide 136 of parliament 's 444 elect seat . "" you can see anxiety in germany and france , in particular , begin to grow and develop . the pentagon say some detainee have abandon the strike . they say the launch would violate a u.n. security council resolution impose in 2006 after north korea test long range missile and a nuclear weapon . he say democrats want more money for teacher training "" small class size "" early childhood education and college aid . "
ham	"a south african court say two farm worker accuse of kill a white leader will remain in custody until at least next month . united nation official have urge the guerrilla to treat any captive safely . the assassination come six day after insurgent gun down baghdad 's provincial governor and six of his bodyguard as they ride to work . the leader of iraq 's large shi'ite muslim political party have endorse the country 's draft constitution "" urge shi'ite to approve it in next month 's national referendum . fidel castro undergo intestinal surgery that year and turn over power on a provisional basis to his brother "" who formally assume the presidency in february 2008 . "
ham	"3 . ( germany ) the 82-year - old leader have rule egypt for nearly 30 year . forensic expert say most of those bury at the site near the town of samawa "" about 300 kilometer south of baghdad "" be believe to be kurds . first division after wednesday 's match : the extremist group be force from power almost five year ago in an offensive lead by the united state . "
ham	"british official be ask passenger friday to arrive prepare for security check . north korea have rely heavily on international aid "" particularly from south korea "" since the north 's economy be devastate by natural disaster and mismanagement in the mid-1990 . the bank say there be concern fiscal consolidation would restrict growth , but evidence be ambiguous . pakistani troop agree to end their crackdown in the region "" and the militant say they will stop harbor foreign terrorist and will stop cross into afghanistan to launch ambush . the ship be fill with "" 1 ton of food "" medicine and other supply for civilian in the jaffna peninsula . "
ham	"on saturday "" a land mine kill a mogadishu city official and at least three security guard . police official in spain say spanish and moroccan security force have thwart another attempt by african migrant to illegally cross over from morocco to spain 's north african enclave of melilla . "" there will be fluctuation in individual year , but it wo n't be a big margin , "" he say . justice minister espersen say police seize material use to make explosive "" and she say most of the suspect be think to be danish citizen of foreign origin . through fiscal discipline and sound management "" botswana transform itself from one of the poor country in the world to a middle - income country with a per capita gdp of $ "" 13 in 2010 . "
ham	"meanwhile "" iraqi shi'ite and kurdish negotiator seek agreement on the makeup of a new government be meet today "" before parliament 's next session wednesday . and "" in september "" afghanistan 's top diplomat to pakistan be kidnap in the same neighborhood . iran say its nuclear program be only intend to generate electricity . but another official close to the investigation tell voa 's baghdad correspondent that the material be "" chemical commonly associate with the production of narcotic . "" but the pontiff also warn that catholic clergy should be less for their medium skill than for their . "
ham	"baseball - orioles ' manager johnson . the request will be present next week at an international security conference in berlin "" germany . however "" official say there remain area of disagreement "" include on the introduction of a more liberal visa policy between the eu and russia . mongolia win its independence in 1921 with soviet back and a communist regime be instal in 1924 . w l pct gb "
ham	"the united state accuse the company of funnel money for bank "" which u.s. official call a "" know proliferator "" of weapon of mass destruction . the same family have rule brunei for over six century . it say some juvenile be give death sentence for crime they commit when they be 15 . iraqi police say a car bomb detonate by remote control have kill five people and injure 10 south of baghdad . u.s. official say they believe the man be involve in plan car bomb attack on baghdad 's green zone "" which house government "" diplomatic and military office . "
ham	"pakistani security force be say to have kill up to "" 2 militant since early august in the swat district and the bajaur tribal region on the afghan border . the spaniard drive the circuit at a time of . hospital official say two of the man be shoot dead friday "" near the al - refugee camp "" in the northern west bank . the election have be delay indefinitely after the war side fail to implement key step to organize the vote . as a result of the absence of this team from the match , "" caf say in a statement . "
ham	"the event be to be televise nationally at a later date . it say this be the third time in six month it have raise its appeal . karbouli say he kidnap the two moroccan last october as they return to iraq after visit amman . the agency say there be still about 80 food truck on the border and it hop they will be allow to cross soon . and african union chairman "" alpha oumar konare "" say the pope be a great advocate for africa and a moral authority for the world . "
ham	"kashmir be divide between india and pakistan "" and rebel group have be fight for the region 's independence from india "" or its merger with pakistan "" since 1989 . result on the final day of radio renew broadcast thursday "" include host andrew whose comment spark the dispute . protester be demand a re - vote in some area and an international probe into hundred of ballot complaint . a hospital spokesman say the 22-year - old dead man have a history of contact with poultry . "
ham	"official tuesday say the late infection of the potentially deadly h5n1 virus occur at the farm in "" just outside bangladesh 's capital "" dhaka . egypt want nothing to do with sudanese ruler . sudan 's government be accuse of arm militia know as janjaweed that be blame for most of the conflict . mr. bush be schedule to use his visit - the first by a u.s. president - to thank mongolia for send 120 troop to iraq . her fever have since abate and the heart failure have be bring under control , but her heart continue to beat , doctor say . "
ham	"the raid kill more than 20 rebel with the revolutionary armed force of colombia "" include a top rebel leader . in burma "" state - run medium say authority have slaughter more than "" 76 chicken and quail since the country 's first outbreak be report this month . the rafah cross "" which be the main exit and entrance point for gaza palestinians travel abroad "" be close after a militant attack on a nearby israeli army post in december "" that kill five israeli soldier . at the time of his arrest "" mr. be a commander of the kosovo protection corps "" a post - war civil defense group that deal with emergency in kosovo . late friday "" three police officer be kill when taleban guerilla ambush their patrol near the capital . "
ham	"official say they do not know how long the eruption will continue . meanwhile "" u.s .- lead coalition force in afghanistan say they be investigate whether an american and a canadian soldier kill in a battle against taleban rebel last week be victim of friendly fire . the ministry say a second "" five - member cell have be recruit volunteer for "" jihad "" in iraq . syrian troop - station in lebanon since 1976 in an peacekeeping role - be withdraw in april 2005 . the head of south korea 's rule uri party have resign after parliament fail to pass several piece of reform legislation by the end of 2004 . "
ham	"official say the hijacker be armed with a pistol and want the plane to be fly to britain "" where he want asylum . economist track the key area for clue about the nation - wide health of the troubled factory sector . 1 1 the polio outbreak - indonesia 's first in 10 year - have prompt authority to vaccinate 6.5 million child . he again dismiss charge that he have distance himself from the black community during his successful football and commercial career , only to seek their support after he face murder charge . "
ham	"approval of the new cabinet potentially end a nine - month political stalemate follow inconclusive election in march . they say his bag contain three and a half kilogram of plastic explosive . the man could face charge carry up to six to 10 year in prison , he say . the u.s. government have launch a new website design to help new immigrant find information about federal government resource . in his message saturday "" the pope encourage priest to embrace the new digital medium to create deep form of relationship with the faithful across great distance . "
ham	"he have say he want to open direct air and shipping link with china . -- dimitris , athens newsroom + 301 - 4 he respond that not everything would remain and say the issue would be raise during final status negotiation with the palestinians . amsterdam 1996 - 08 - 22 however "" he have not show any sign of wake up . "
ham	"salou , who play for msv duisburg in the bundesliga , score in the 53rd minute of sunday 's match in for a 1 - 0 aggregate win which take his side into group six , where they will meet liberia , tanzania and zaire . canadian official say japan be ban all poultry export from canada after bird flu be find in a duck in the western province of british columbia . international relief official also say their flight operation have be call off because of the weather . venezuela say it could get technology from other country if ne be . u.s. official say they be bolster security at all u.s. mission in saudi arabia in the wake of the attack . "
ham	france take on the winner of the russia - austria series . ten of thousand of people rally across taiwan sunday as political party step up campaign ahead of next saturday 's parliamentary election . the u.s. embassy in iraq say it have no immediate information on the man or the authenticity of the video . iran 's foreign minister say tehran will restart its uranium enrichment program if friday 's talk with european nation fail . chicago 70 64 .522 10 
ham	ajax amsterdam 1 az alkmaar 0 ivorian dissident and member of the military launch a fail coup attempt in september 2002 . most of ecuador 's oil export go to the united state . but he say he be willing to make the trip if his effort will help . the u.s .- lead coalition in afghanistan say its force have kill at least 24 militant during two separate battle . 
ham	"a purported taleban spokesman claim responsibility for both incident . burma be overwhelmingly buddhist "" with small minority of christians "" muslims "" hindus and . pakistan have release 17 former guantanamo bay detainee who have be free from u.s. custody nine month ago and detain for further investigation on their return to pakistan . deputy secretary of state robert zoellick say health condition remain serious in darfur "" where fight have displace more than 2 million people . 16 die as bus crash in pakistani kashmir . "
ham	"a previous inspection be conduct last january . my work in a shop when he be a boy "" and he use to tell me how he have toughen himself up so he could stand the of . brazil 's base be consider an excellent launch site because of its proximity to the equator "" where the earth move the fast . . germany currently hold the rotate european union and g8 presidency . and south korea 's parliament overwhelmingly approve keep its "" 3 troop in northern iraq for another year . "
ham	"fund will last until january 7 for another "" 12 family occupy hotel room in the state of louisiana and mississippi "" where damage from katrina have lead to a housing shortage . military official say they believe that abu "" a want abu sayyaf leader "" be injure during the fight . stoke 2 2 0 0 4 2 6 ayman al - zawahiri make the statement in a videotape air friday by the arabic television network al - jazeera . 0 - 1 . "
ham	"ticket will be assign between july and august "" with a random selection process for oversold event . new u.n. relief coordinator arrive in iraq . the pardon "" announce monday "" include no high - profile name . canada 's foreign ministry say seven canadian citizen have be kill by israeli air strike in lebanon and three other canadians have be wound . u.s. boy , 13 , accuse of murder adoptive mother . "
ham	"little progress have be make in implement a series of peace deal between the government and rebel . candidate ne at least 50 percent of the vote to avoid a runoff . during that time "" mexican president their successor in the party . iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad say he suspect britain may have play a role in twin bomb attack that kill five people and injure 100 other in southwestern iran . china 's foreign ministry spokesman say the three - way meet would not take place due to reason he describe as "" know to all . "" "
ham	"olympiakos of greece beat russia 's dinamo 69 - 60 ( halftime 35 - 23 ) in the third match of an international basketball tournament on thursday , qualify for the final . the radiation belt surround the earth be discover almost simultaneously by vanallen and another scientist name fan . the bomb arrive just day after two similar package explode at the chilean and swiss embassy in the italian capital . elsewhere "" a senior interior ministry official "" major - general adnan abdul rahman "" be shoot and kill in front of his home in western baghdad . au official say the kidnapper be believe to be from a dissident faction of the justice and equality movement . "
ham	"china have publicly thank gabon for its strong support at the united nation human right commission , where beijing have come under attack from western nation for its human right record . primarily use for irrigation "" the 25-meter - high "" - long dam be destroy by a wall of water after a week of heavy rain and snow that have cause over 120 storm - relate death in the region . the two side also will play five one - day international match begin january 20th in . he earlier yell out "" long live iraq "" long live the arab state . "" burma be reject the late u.s. report on human traffic "" which blacklist the country as one of the world 's bad offender for a seventh consecutive year . "
ham	"argentine ambassador to russia attend the sign ceremony wednesday in moscow . meanwhile "" the u.s. military report saturday "" that a marine be kill in action friday "" in the western city of ramadi . -docstart- the result so far be from mainly shi'ite region "" and a complete be not expect for another week . it cite an intelligence source as say the call to the embassy be believe to have come from south africa . "
ham	"mr. be the editor of the weekly monitor . chad 's economy have long be by its landlocked position "" high energy cost "" and a history of instability . the u.s. justice department will seek to dismiss at least 180 case bring by detainee hold at the u.s. military 's detention center at guantanamo bay "" cuba . the egyptian government and the world health organization say 34 egyptians "" include several child "" have contract the h5n1 form of avian flu . copper scrap , midw and east coast average price , "
ham	"al - qaida 's front group in iraq have claim responsibility for a string of attack on baghdad 's shi'ite district this week that leave at least 64 dead and 360 wound . russian president vladimir putin tell reporter today he be willing to work with whoever win . the commission be expect to also be critical of american intelligence on north korea "" but the newspaper say official describe the lack of information about tehran 's capability as particularly . he say many of the victim be believe to have be inmate of the notorious serb - run and prison camp in the prijedor area . the vote be 373 in favor out of the chamber . "
ham	"pakistan 4 . debrecen 3 2 - 1 10 4 6 group b feature the united state "" russia "" sweden and serbia and montenegro . the defendant "" andrew chan "" be one of nine people arrest last april for allegedly try to smuggle about eight kilogram of heroin out of bali . renne 3 1 0 2 4 6 3 "
ham	"americans also be prohibit from do business with the carrier and affiliate . but analyst note that sierra still have much painful work ahead of it , include cut as many as 150 job from its workforce , which currently have 500 people , and build up the business of its pmc - sierra unit , which make rout device and for high - speed computer network . he then drive 40 kms back to play for the second xi to learn that john have drop out of the middlesex match in the meantime with a shoulder injury . the eu decision come as senior bosnian and u.n. diplomat meet in washington to mark the 10th anniversary of the dayton peace accord "" which end the three - year war in bosnia - herzegovina . nigeria be africa 's big oil produce nation "" pump an estimate 2.3 billion barrel of crude per day . "
ham	"reply "" above normal "" and those reply "" below normal . "" u.s. official say in a recent supreme court file that comply with the world court 's decision will help protect the interest of u.s. citizen abroad and underscore america 's commitment to international law . st george 20 north queensland 24 atletico 5 2 0 3 6 7 6 the letter be sign by someone call themselves . "
ham	"indicators - quarterly quarter pvs yr - ago - - 0 - 1 . insurgent try to derail iraq 's january election have attack a voter registration center in dujail "" north of baghdad "" kill at least one civilian and wound several other . olympic center head jun say tuesday that ticket to the open ceremony "" basketball and diving competition have be the good seller . charlton 1 west bromwich 1 "
ham	"report from iran say police have exchange gunfire with militant follow an explosion near a school in the southeastern part of the country . the u.s. say two other operation take place in southeastern afghanistan "" where ten militant be kill in separate raid . -- singapore newsroom ( 65 ) "" it be very hard to sleep last night because there be so much i could accomplish with this win , "" say mickelson , who have a three - stroke lead enter the third round . "" for the distribution and supervision of humanitarian supply the united nation estimate it need people , include 267 international staff and iraqi support staff . "
ham	"the large sign go up friday "" three day after the cuban government threaten consequence for christmas decoration display outside the office of the u.s. special interest section . the united state say on thursday it remain commit to migration accord with cuba and would continue to repatriate intercept cuban migrant who attempt to enter u.s. territory illegally . 3 . michele ( italy ) delegate to a u.n. conference on global warm be work hard in the meet 's final hour to reach a deal on long - term effort to cut carbon emission . "" extradition be not on the government 's legislative agenda , "" he tell reporter on tuesday . "
ham	"in a separate statement "" the military say u.s. marines and iraqi security force be continue operation in and around the city of in western anbar province "" where several car bomb be discover monday . they also predict the death toll could rise as emergency worker search remote area . beijing consider the island its territory and say taiwanese move toward independence would provoke a war . senator john kerry from the state of massachusetts saturday say the president 's proposal to send "" 21 additional troop to iraq be "" in his word "" "" nothing more than the escalation of a misguided war . "" israel 's military say troop enter the west bank city of sunday in search of two want militant . "
ham	"the paper say a bomb blast occur friday night on a wooden bridge near the village of - ein - su . israel have be face regular rocket fire from palestinian militant in the gaza strip since withdraw from the territory in 2005 . central division colorado 9 pittsburgh 3 grand jury testimony "" although secret and not publicly release "" be often leak to the medium . "
ham	burma have release thousand of prisoner to mark the 57th anniversary of the country 's independence from britain . president karzai use the new highway to return home and end his two day visit . result of south korean israeli commando dress as palestinian security force abduct the hamas commander in gaza strip in a raid on friday . chester 3 1 1 1 4 3 4 
ham	"in the united state "" supporter of the plan say it will open new market for u.s. good and service . "" in the run - up to election , political leader be play the ethnic / sectarian card , drum up support within their constituency by play on bitter memory or fear . "" collinelli qualified in second place , also beat his old record in . a man "" very much annoyed with a flea "" catch him at last "" and say "" "" who be you who dare to feed on my "" and to cost me so much trouble in catch you ? ' a north korean cargo ship have drop anchor in the south korean port of ulsan "" mark the first visit of its kind in more than two decade . "
ham	"meanwhile "" the taliban 's leader have make his own statement for the festival of eid . -docstart- one ceremony be take place at the uss arizona memorial "" the site at pearl harbor where that be sink in the attack . gates just finish four day of meeting in spain and germany focus largely on the war in afghanistan . the united state have temporarily close its embassy in the saudi capital "" along with some other diplomatic facility in the country "" after threat of terrorist attack . "
ham	"he say the two country could cooperate in atomic energy "" space and high - technology . police say the arrest employee all work at the same branch in tel aviv . second - rank austrian thomas muster , who be seed third , do not have the luck of the draw with him . the first be bear three week ago at washington 's national zoo . lisbon 1996 - 08 - 25 "
ham	"the group release the pact thursday "" say it demonstrate that a common strategy between the united state and europe can be forge to deal with international challenge . headline from major national newspaper . military official in the democratic republic of congo say rebel fighter have attack an army camp in the eastern ituri region . in response to indian nuclear weapon test "" pakistan conduct its own test in 1998 . authority have not say what cause the accident . "
ham	"the agreement approve tuesday create mixed company consist of venezuela 's state oil company and foreign minority partner ( france 's total "" norway 's statoil "" britain 's bp "" and u.s .- base chevron ) . "" on examine the egg that she have lay he find they be just like any other egg . israel 's government be set to approve a plan that aim to turn the country into a space . his death sentence will be automatically appeal . saudi arabia execute pakistani man . "
ham	"the rule party be expect to retain control over the parliament "" where it hold 90 percent of the seat . the united state observe the policy and have no official diplomatic tie with taiwan . win 5 - 1 on aggregate . police say score of other be wound during the late attack - which take place late friday as hundred of mourner gather in the town of in the tourist region of swat valley . source in lebanon say hamadi "" a member of the hezbollah militant group "" have return to beirut "" the point of the 1985 hijacking . "
ham	"the sanction be in response to a u.s. law know as the byrd amendment that the wto rule illegal in august . five japanese kidnap by north korea return to japan two year ago . iran have reject as "" unfounded "" u.s. accusation link president - elect mahmoud ahmadinejad to the 1979 take - over of the u.s. embassy in tehran . lawmaker have criticize the practice "" say the emergency bill be not subject to the same scrutiny as regular spending bill . authority have dismiss the possibility that she have be kidnap by communist guerrilla . "
ham	"it be a costly defeat for since it throw her out of the race for the golden four . the cuban worker confederation say the country can not and should not continue support business "" production entity and service with inflate payroll . the united state and south korea have sign a new cost - share agreement for funding the american military presence on the peninsula . a total of 116 delegate to zaire 's national election commission ( ) be formally instal on thursday , launch another phase of the central african nation 's much - delay democratic transition . the blast hit as official in the town of inspect a house that be damage in an earlier grenade attack . "
ham	"the u.s. dollar decline in value compare to other major currency tuesday . norwegian mediator be arrange emergency talk between the government and the rebel to find way to save a more than three - year - old cease - fire . the volcano in the hill have erupt three time in the past 13 month and last april some people live in the capital , plymouth , and southern area be evacuate to the north , where many be live in public shelter and school . it be not clear whether the rebel be from a group call bakassi freedom fighter or a splinter group know as africa marine commando . the president also urge local authority to consider fire crimean veterinary service leader . "
ham	"the storm be predict to cross cuba "" then intensify again as it head north toward the gulf of mexico and the florida keys - a string of u.s. island divide the atlantic ocean from the gulf of mexico . official in washington have confirm a report about the cia assessment publish in the miami herald newspaper on wednesday . about one thousand u.s. troop launch the offensive near the syrian border "" in the late attempt to drive insurgent from the area . south yemen be fear to have become a base for al - qaida 's local branch "" al - qaida in the arabian peninsula . oil production at ghana 's offshore field begin in mid - december and be expect to boost economic growth . "
ham	"doctor say they be monitor mr. sharon 's condition and that it be too early to discuss his brain function . at least one person have die . afghan official say they will be put on trial for their role in violence against government target "" as well as afghan and coalition force . indonesian health official say seven people from a village in northern sumatra be be treat for what doctor suspect may be bird flu . meanwhile "" the death toll from wednesday 's suicide bombing in the northern kurdish city of irbil have rise to 60 . "
ham	"collective farm will last for the next few year , because most private farm now only produce enough to feed themselves with maybe a little extra to sell , say one private farmer : "" in the future , maybe , but it 's good not to hurry . the h5n1 virus have kill more than 70 people in southeast asia and china since 2003 . they say 14 out of 45 passenger on the bus die instantly when the vehicle fall from the narrow road while on its way from the state capital muzaffarabad to the nearby pakistani town of garhi in the northwest . 16 . yugoslavia tennis - results at canadian open . "
ham	niue have cut government expenditure by reduce the public service by almost half . the vatican have open its secret archive of the pre - world war two papacy of pius xi . it be expect to approach the east coast of the yucatan peninsula late tuesday and wednesday . more result be expect later today and monday . borussia moenchengladbach 4 0 2 2 1 4 2 
ham	"in addition to those kill "" three american troop and an afghan soldier be wound . afghan official say the police officer be kill and four other wound monday when a bomb rip through their vehicle in the district of kandahar province . the senate have yet to approve the bill . h1 net rise to mln baht . gtr "
ham	the remain of more than 200 soldier have be recover since 1996 . the meet be link to an effort to end the 25-year insurgency by kurdish rebel . the government already control national television and radio network . negotiator say they will continue their discussion on sunday . soccer - results of german first division match . 
ham	and the u.s. military say three u.s. service member be kill monday in iraq 's troubled western province of al anbar . iraqi official say at least five people be kill and several other wound monday in two separate insurgent attack in baghdad . -docstart- the g-8 summit get under way in st. petersburg saturday . ekeren 4 1 1 2 6 8 4 
ham	"in recent day "" dead swan with h5n1 be discover in the central polish town of . -docstart- around the country incidence of rape decrease by nearly two percent . reliever mark acre ( 0 - 1 ) take the loss . earlier this month "" lawyer for a detainee file a complaint say the force - feed method amount to torture . "
ham	"it have long support the palestinian cause and do not have diplomatic relation with israel . sydney bulldogs 21 10 0 11 325 20 formula shell beat alaska milk 85 - 82 ( 36 - 46 ) some "" 7 au peacekeeper be in darfur "" where fight between rebel and government - back arab militia have kill ten of thousand of people over the past two year . oakland 62 69 .473 13 "
ham	"at the white house friday "" mr. bush say iran must not be allow to possess a nuclear weapon . china 's foreign ministry wednesday demand that the u.s. lift the sanction immediately . -docstart- however "" madagascar 's failure to comply with the requirement of the african growth and opportunity act ( agoa ) lead to the termination of the country 's duty - free access in january 2010 . demonstrator set fire to the palestinian cabinet build in ramallah . "
ham	a new report from the international monetary fund say global economic growth will slow more than one percent this year . israel 's military say it target palestinian militant in the area after they fire two rocket at the israeli city of ashkelon . mr. ahmadinejad be speak during a visit to the central iranian city of - e - . niger have appeal for international help in battle an outbreak of the deadly h5n1 strain of bird flu . -docstart- 
ham	"in the mid-1980 "" the government begin offer offshore registration to company wish to incorporate in the island "" and incorporation fee now generate substantial revenue . on friday , metro holding top gainer , soar by 1.55 to close at 6.05 on market rumour of a takeover bid by first capital corp . admira / wacker 6 0 3 3 5 10 3 while he say the government must not in private family matter "" the country be united on the ne to prevent pregnancy . turkey have step up military operation this year against pkk rebel "" both inside turkey and in northern iraq . "
ham	"california 61 70 .466 14 u.s. and afghan official have warn they expect an increase in taleban attack in the come month in what have be call a "" spring offensive . "" eu development commissioner louis michel say million of africans remain vulnerable to "" silent tsunamis "" such as drought "" flood and armed conflict . south of baghdad "" iraqi police find the body of 20 truck driver who have be shoot dead . a "" dirty bomb "" be an explosive device combine with radioactive material . "
ham	"say germany import sheep from britain last year , nearly half of total import . russia call the charge a provocation . thai official say their navy give the man food and water when they enter thai water . the european union and the united state cut off aid to the hamas - lead government because it refuse to recognize israel "" renounce violence and accept past peace accord . epa q2 + + + million "
ham	"the justice department issue the report thursday "" say fbi official have at least five chance to discover two of the airline hijacker as they prepare for the attack "" but fail to do so . the global lender say the world economy could shrink as much as one percent . -- sydney newsroom 61 - 2 9373 - 1800 but gunman of the leave and right have kill with impunity across antioquia for year , and there be unconfirmed report that the late bloodshed be the work of a right - wing paramilitary group . the widow of wall street journal reporter daniel pearl have sue al - qaida "" other radical group and one of pakistan 's large bank "" blame them for the torture and murder of her husband . "
ham	"human right group say the government have detain hundred of people in secret "" accuse them of link to extremist group . start tuesday "" hundred of volunteer will begin fan out across the main city of rangoon and into the delta "" where the u.n. estimate more than two million people have be affect by the storm . stallone , fiancee have baby girl . the new measure include more video surveillance on the street and public place "" and increase monitor of overseas traveler . the global economic downturn "" decline export "" and low domestic consumption and fix asset accumulation "" by government austerity measure "" result in an economic contraction of 6.3 % in 2009 . "
ham	"at least 35 other be wound . the so - call "" peace bridge "" link indian and pakistani portion of kashmir have be reopen after part badly damage in last month 's earthquake be repair . there be about 35 foreign consulate in new orleans "" mostly from latin america and europe "" before floodwater from katrina devastate the entire u.s. city . athens 1996 - 08 - 22 but tehran say its nuclear program be strictly for electricity generation . "
ham	"she speak in washington ahead of talk with president bush . the judicial review seek by - grade will apply to only about 1,000 of the approximately 33,000 civil servant affect . at least 17 people be wound . authority have blame the national liberation front of tripura - which be fight for an independent homeland in the area - for the attack . they also will commemorate the 60th anniversary of the berlin airlift "" a u.s. operation to bring much - need supply into the western half of the divide german city "" which be cut off by a soviet blockade . "
ham	"profit take continue to weigh on cme lumber future but price end only slightly low as strong cash market future , trader say . but the kurdish leader say he will remain active in politic . tribal people once dominate the region "" but now say they have be reduce to a minority after year of settlement by bengali - speak migrant "" mainly from neighboring bangladesh . they also call for danish and dutch troop to be expel from the nato - lead force in afghanistan . pakistan have re - open a route critical to transport supply to nato and u.s .- lead force in neighboring afghanistan . "
ham	"nice 1 guingamp 2 subcomandante marcos do not have a name for the new organization "" but say it will be "" peaceful "" anti - capitalist and leftist . "" in a nationally televise speech "" the 77-year - old leader pledge to continue a nascent program of political and economic reform "" and to improve the live standard of egypt 's majority poor during his term "" which run through 2011 . he add however that the military do not expect the country to slip back to full - scale war . the justice first party announce its decision wednesday "" one day after the democratic action "" project venezuela and copei party announce their withdrawal . "
ham	"and the u.s. military say wednesday three insurgent be kill tuesday when an unmanned aircraft fire a missile at them while they be plant a roadside bomb near balad air base . the health ministry say swine flu have kill people between april and august of this year . many israelis consider the war a failure because israel do not defeat hezbollah or get back the two soldier whose kidnapping by the islamic militant group trigger the war . "" i still have my day where i feel great out there . "" german carmaker volkswagen ag say on wednesday that it expect group net profit to double in the third quarter . "
ham	"it say another , the et al morinville 11 - 13 , have log 128 foot of productive at foot and be flow water free at the rate of barrel of oil per day on a 15 / - inch choke . the third victim be a sudanese translator . they be then force back into a "" line up against the wall and shoot to death . iraqi police say gunman wear iraqi special force uniform have kidnap a wealthy businessman and his son "" after kill five of their bodyguard . official have previously agree to allow farmer to produce coca "" a key raw material in the production of cocaine . "
ham	the august contract expire at 0.85 cent down at cent . but study this week reveal that breast self - exam may not be all that healthy . ijaz ahmed not out 58 a maritime official say somali pirate have hijack a yemeni cargo ship in the gulf of aden . but maoist rebel be know to take hundred of villager to their rally and possibly try to recruit them to fight government troop . 
ham	"an official at the chinese embassy in jakarta say beijing be "" and strongly dissatisfied "" after gunfire from an indonesian warship kill a chinese fisherman and wound two other . it be originally seven story "" but five more be add later . juventude 5 3 1 1 5 4 10 israel have say it will not have contact with a hamas - lead government "" but israel 's interim prime minister ehud say tuesday there be still hope for reach peace . a consortium lead by two us company have be invest $ 3.7 billion to develop oil reserve - estimate at 1 billion barrel - in southern chad . "
ham	"police have earlier receive an anonymous tip that the house be a suspect base for foreign militant . u.n. special representative juan gabriel say the aid package show that there be strong international support for what he call "" the establishment of a stable atmosphere for election and for the return of constitutional order in haiti . "" the letter threaten other unspecified course of action if tehran do not adhere to past commitment with the european union . muslim cleric have urge their follower to protect mosque on the holy site . american military official say strict security measure be impose sunday on several city along the euphrate river "" include ramadi "" where a curfew be order . "
ham	"- year - old ahmad be kill in the main town of srinagar friday during clash between anti - india protester and police . the loss of production have contribute to the spike in world oil price . mr. also warn that there be a risk some iraqi scientist may share their skill with terrorist or insurgent "" who be make concerted effort to gain chemical weapon capability . the pakistani embassy say eight pakistanis be among the more than 90 people wound in the blast in a commercial district "" . island be discover in by the british and settle in by the bounty and their companion . "
ham	"farc be believe to be hold about 750 prisoner in jungle hideout . the demonstrator surround the central bank in brasilia thursday "" carry a list of demand for delivery to a bank official . the walk coincide with the anniversary of man 's landing on the moon . an army officer say a massive search be be carry out for the miss troop . some of the victim be burn beyond recognition . "
ham	the woman collapse in the minister 's office before carry out her mission . - operate profit 9 vs 3 embattle federal emergency management chief michael brown have be relieved of his duty manage the massive hurricane relief effort along the u.s. gulf coast . flamengo 4 2 0 2 4 4 6 a lead american newspaper say police and security force in the northern iraqi city of kirkuk have abduct hundred of arabs and - sometimes with the knowledge of u.s. force in the region . 
ham	"warlord in somalia 's capital "" mogadishu "" have begin surrender their weapon "" in an effort to restore stability in the city and ease the return of the country 's transitional government "" currently in exile in kenya . second round a commander of dutch troop in southern afghanistan say force from the netherlands have kill dozen of suspect taleban fighter in recent month . the u.s. military in afghanistan say thursday 's strike in a remote area of district in helmand province target two taleban commander . on 11 march 1990 "" lithuania become the first of the soviet republic to declare its independence "" but moscow do not recognize this proclamation until september of 1991 ( follow the coup in moscow ) . "
ham	"haitian official have be search for the two man in recent week in connection with several police killing . the ministry have say that it plan to return percent of the arable land or 5.2 million hectare to its original owner by the end of this year . there be no relationship "" nor have there ever be a relationship "" between our mustard and the country of france . palestinians oppose construction on land they want as part of a future state . in a rage he turn round upon it and try to dart his into it ; but he could do no harm to heavy iron and have soon to give over his . "
ham	"police identify the man as - old spaniard . a nato statement say the soldier be kill sunday during an attack against insurgent in the musa qala district . the election could taiwan 's troubled relationship with mainland china . lawyer for imprison russian oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky say authority have file new charge against their client . in madrid "" macedonia be a 02-jan winner over ecuador . "
ham	"haitian police have kill a prominent rebel want in connection with the murder of four police officer earlier in the year . greek official say a moderate earthquake have strike off the coast of some of the country 's island in the aegean sea . palestinian authority say about 20 militant from the al aqsa martyrs brigade force their way into the cabinet office thursday in ramallah "" the administrative headquarters of the palestinian authority . it be not clear if the diplomat have already be deport . the romanian soccer federation have ban first division club 's president cozma for two year for a visit team player , a federation statement say . "
ham	"government close university indefinitely after big clash between two group of student in which eight be wound and hospitalise . it be fear that many of those weapon may have go to various insurgent and militia group seek to destabilize iraq and target u.s. troop . the international atomic energy agency "" iaea "" continue - door meeting in vienna friday on the nuclear activity of iran and south korea . final : election be take place in only 36 of nepal 's municipality . "
ham	"philadelphia 53 78 29 ethnic albanians "" who comprise 90 percent of kosovo 's population "" be seek independence - a push strongly oppose by belgrade . iraqi police say a car bomb have kill at least five people and wound 17 other in baghdad "" shatter a lull in insurgent attack in the iraqi capital . he say china cull million bird last year to stem the spread of the virus . -docstart- "
ham	"violence continue in the gaza strip thursday when israeli soldier shoot and kill a hamas gunman who infiltrate the tal jewish settlement in southern gaza . vienna 1996 - 08 - 24 the other satellite include the design to study cloud formation in the upper atmosphere . the turkish federation have be fin $ "" 1 and suspend from all international competition until may 31 follow a series of anti - dope violation . the 25-meter - long "" nickname cooper and george "" be find by rancher in 2005 and 2006 "" near the town of "" in southwest queensland state . "
ham	"on monday "" egyptian archaeologist announce the discovery of a rare double statue of a and his wife date back more than "" 4 year scientist have diagnose more than 120 bird flu fatality since late 2003 . a bomb explosion saturday at a restaurant in baquba a town north of baghdad kill up to seven people "" include at least two police officer . but some other politician have give a slightly longer time frame "" say the parliament will not reconvene until next saturday . 5 . julia ( spain ) "
ham	"italy 's ambassador to afghanistan "" francesco "" tell the french press agency wednesday that there have be no contact with the kidnapper so far . the country participate in a custom union with switzerland and use the swiss franc as its national currency . relative blame security force for use flame - and start a fire that cause the roof to collapse as they move on the school "" seize by chechen militant . china 's agriculture ministry say the outbreak of the deadly h5n1 virus be find in city . many in the group begin take water after the irish official agree to meet with them . "
ham	hospital official say at least eight people be injure . the popular 51-year - old mayor lead public opinion poll ahead of the 2006 presidential race . 6 - 4 6 - 1 the request be make in september when mr. ahmadinejad attend a u.n. session in new york . one claim be censor . 
ham	"u.n. peacekeeper have be in burundi since 2004 "" when the government and rebel sign an agreement end their 12-year civil war . that plan call for a halt to settlement expansion on all palestinian land capture by israel in the 1967 war . the main town in the area "" have be under a strict curfew for several day . in june 2008 "" a constituent assembly - term the "" special majlis "" - finalize a new constitution "" which be ratify by the president in august . during rwanda 's 1994 genocide "" hutu extremist kill an estimate "" 8 minority tutsis and hutu moderate during the span of 100 day . "
ham	"-docstart- follow a february 2010 court verdict confiscate half of thaksin 's frozen asset "" the stag large protest between march and may 2010 "" and occupy several block of downtown bangkok . -docstart- only 30 miner be know to have survive the blast . i get the good part of the bat on it and it carry out . "" "
ham	"in his televise new year 's address friday the french leader "" who support the eu constitution "" tell his compatriot they will "" in his word "" have europe 's future in their hand . they get off well together "" the hare at the top of her speed "" the tortoise "" who have no other intention than make his exert herself "" go very . a lengthy struggle between france and great britain for the island end in 1814 "" when they be cede to the latter . land ownership be widespread . in january 2010 "" the international community establish the friend of yemen group that aim to support yemen 's effort towards economic and political reform "" and in august 2010 the imf approve a three - year $ 370 million program to further this effort . "
ham	"more than two dozen iraqi civilian and policeman have be kill in a wave of bombing wednesday in baghdad and part of central and northern iraq mean to intimidate voter less than two week ahead of national election . the study do not address whether whole garlic could affect cholesterol . the uruzgan province police chief "" gul "" describe the incident sunday "" say the five policeman have be abduct two month ago and be mutilate before be kill and their body hang from tree . minister from indonesia "" singapore "" malaysia "" thailand and brunei be meet friday in the indonesian town of on sumatra island "" one of the bad area hit by haze each year . a statement say the united state condemn all such attack "" and that u.s. official be investigate in cooperation with jordan . "
ham	"but iran say it be only pursue the technology to produce electricity . staff from arabic television station al - jazeera protest thursday around the middle east in the wake of a british news report that allege president bush consider bombing the channel 's headquarters last year . but if you be not and can not contribute to your employer 's goal , you 'll be pay less . share of utility lose 3,000 lira to . the two leader be to have a work lunch at the white house and then make statement to reporter . "
ham	"penrith 21 6 1 14 339 448 13 iraq 's prime minister have name his defense and interior minister "" and a head of national security "" follow week of negotiation over the post . tourism continue to be important to the island 's economy "" although international business have it in recent year . in july the government give a wage and pension to cover energy , fuel and bread price increase , which quicken inflation to 7.5 percent last month . separately "" u.s - lead coalition troop thursday say they kill several militant in an operation on wednesday in the southern helmand province . "
ham	"turkey be especially concerned about kurdish separatist in northern iraq "" and mr. al - jaafari pledge that iraq will not allow "" any group to harm "" turkey . witness say an explosion have kill at least five soldier in the somali capital "" mogadishu . ssangbangwool 12 hanwha 0 but he say those who become corrupt will be punish without mercy . colombian authority say they have dismantle a false passport ring with link to al - qaida and the islamic militant group hamas "" and arrest 19 people in connection with the case . "
ham	"meanwhile "" the egyptian health ministry say 64 people die in the blast "" while local doctor say they account for 88 fatality . in this model , individual computer user can always gain access to the late programme and do not ne to store more software than they be currently use on their computer at any one time , also save cost of memory and storage . should not discretion . in israel "" authority say the situation be under control . cuba be criticize recent effort by u.s .- fund tv to bring its anti - castro programming to cuban viewer . "
ham	"palestinian security source say israel troop be withdraw from the west bank city of nablus after two day of house - to - house search for militant and bomb factory . britain have pledge "" 3 soldier to the expand nato mission plan for helmand . but local resident in pakistan 's restive northwest tribal region blame the military "" say assailant fire missile into the house "" in village . "" next year , the fiscal policy will have less margin of freedom because the government will have to face commitment that it have take on under different support scheme for the bank , and firm , "" the brokerage say . fox say the incident have strain relation between the two government . "
ham	"the investigator say the suspect share some of the steal money with the parent . the commission say it have collect nearly "" 1 statement recount more than "" 4 episode of violence . they urge somalia 's interim government and islamist to resume peace talk . an anglo - egyptian sudan be establish the follow year with equatoria be the southernmost of its eight province . - 3 union 6 "
ham	"friday 's report from the commerce department also say the trade deficit with china be the large with any u.s. trading partner "" rise sharply to a record yearly total of nearly $ 202 billion . be the symbol that appear on good in 155 country that help clerk speed customer purchase "" and help company keep track of inventory . thu yr eps - speak to reporter in jakarta after the meet "" he also say indonesia be ready to play a role in the middle east peace process . do not qualify ( time do not meet qualify standard ) : "
ham	"5 - ( gks katowice ) russian news report say police have arrest the governor of a mineral - rich region on suspicion of embezzlement . japan call the demand "" unacceptable . "" the bill still need the approval of the state 's lawmaker . a secular coalition lead by iraq 's former prime minister have take a slight lead in overall vote as ballot count from parliamentary election continue - but it remain behind in the key provincial tally . "
ham	"the rebel say earlier this week "" sudanese warplane bombard rebel - control area in jebel marra and in jebel "" near the border with chad . the world health organization say sample of the deadly h5n1 strain take from two bird flu victim in turkey show a slight genetic change in the virus - a sign it may be mutate into a human flu virus that could kill million . on thursday "" his final world cup game end with a disappointing loss and injury . this small "" sub - saharan economy suffer from economic growth and depend heavily on both commercial and subsistence agriculture "" which provide employment for 65 % of the labor force . she 's , "" say campbell , 28 , who go to the pageant . "" "
ham	( red river ) dn .02 unc -- -- the two leader be expect to hold talk on bilateral cooperation . semi - official news agency in iran quote the deputy speaker of the parliament mohammad hassan - as say ayatollah ali khamenei send mr. ahmadinejad a letter call for the removal of the first vice president . israeli military official say no one be hurt in the rocket attack . -docstart- 
ham	52 not out ) v glamorgan . ofk beograd 3 0 3 1 4 4 3 warwickshire 13 6 4 3 32 43 180 nuclear envoy from north and south korea have meet in beijing as part of attempt to resume six - party talk on pyongyang 's nuclear weapon program . palestinians have clash with egyptian police at the rafah border cross between egypt and the gaza strip . 
ham	"muslim separatist in indian kashmir be fight for an independent kashmir or its merger with neighboring pakistan . the group say nearly 5000 villager be hide in jungle and mountain area of burma . other attack this week in the city of mosul target the christian minority as they celebrate christmas . the army captain be charge with theft of government property "" money launder and illegally structure financial transaction . three militant group "" hamas "" the popular resistance committee and the al - aqsa martyrs ' brigade "" say they be involve in the attempt to infiltrate the jewish settlement . "
ham	"in his word "" "" there be nothing wrong with have a conversation with a major politician from a bid city . "" the army say in a statement that report from intelligence source and local resident lead them to the location in northwest pakistan . he serve as one of three judge on american idol "" which he call "" the big artist on the planet . "" burma 's pro - democracy leader "" aung san suu kyi "" be rest at her home in rangoon after be treat at a hospital for a stomach illness . meanwhile "" iraq 's interior ministry say 700 terror suspect have be arrest and a huge number of weapon seize so far in a massive security sweep in baghdad that begin sunday . "
ham	"the bulk of the country 's economic activity "" however "" be in the service sector . the eu stop send development money to sudan 14 year ago because of the southern civil war . witness say a group of palestinian policeman fire in the air take over the parliament build in gaza city monday . friday 's report from a business group "" the national association of "" say sale of previously - own home fall one percent in march . crude oil price rise above $ 98 a barrel during trading in new york wednesday as the dollar weaken and investor anticipate the drop in u.s. stockpile . "
ham	"-docstart- on sunday "" the pope praise an italian nun kill by gunman last week in somalia . multinational naval force have stop many attack near the coast "" but pirate have increasingly focus their effort on the indian ocean "" an area too large for foreign navy to effectively patrol . ukrainian president viktor yushchenko tell reporter in astana "" kazakhstan that the vote be unconstitutional . but the coastal town get off lightly as the flood that have be expect due to a combination of spring and high wind fail to . "
ham	"british authority arrest more than two dozen suspect earlier this month in connection with the plot "" which prosecutor say be in an advanced stage of plan . the official speak to reporter on condition of anonymity after they sit in on an informal meet of defense minister in the french city of . he say those who ne further treatment will be move to facility elsewhere . health expert fear the virus could mutate into a form that could be easily transmit between human and kill million of people . 7 - ( sokol tychy ) "
ham	"the prisoner abuse scandal erupt in april when photograph of u.s. soldier taunt and humiliating naked iraqi prisoner become public "" spark worldwide condemnation . meanwhile "" iraqi police say twin car bomb have kill at least 13 people and wound nearly 30 other south of baghdad in the town of . -docstart- last month "" african foreign minister agree to press for two permanent seat for african nation on the u.n. security council . a deadline to submit competitor ' name for athletic event expire on wednesday . "
ham	"the venezuelan government have deploy thousand of soldier around the country to maintain order during the vote . official say the extremist arrive in bargal earlier this week "" then fight with troop from the region . poland 's parliamentary speaker say he will run for president in october 's election "" with recent opinion poll suggest he could win . it be not clear whether the agreement would entitle south korea to extract the lithium . the insurgency for a communist state to replace nepal 's constitutional monarchy have kill more than "" 10 people since it begin in 1996 . "
ham	"they say the document be find in the computer of farc leader raul reyes during a cross - border raid in ecuador last month . it also say the election administration need the full support of state authority . ethiopia 's election body have reject opposition call for a re - run of last month 's parliamentary poll "" win by the rule party in a landslide . aref say a survey by the joint venture indicate a total of billion cubic meter of natural gas at the texas site . this decision will result in the reimbursement by medicare of $ in dispute cost . "
ham	"the winner have to secure a majority from the college within two round of vote otherwise the election will go back before the parliament . he plan to present president barack obama with a stone from the summit of mount ever . the government eventually draft a democratic constitution and hold flawed presidential election in 1996 and 2001 . some begin to return in 1998 but lack of housing limited the number . most of the city be below sea level "" and some 80 percent of it flood after katrina when water some flood wall and break through other . "
ham	"severe volcanic activity "" which begin in july 1995 "" have put a on this small "" open economy . india have not sign the treaty "" which restrict the share of some nuclear technology with non - member nation "" and draw widespread international criticism for conduct nuclear weapon test as recently as 1998 . -docstart- u.s .- base "" along with company from france and russia "" will submit bid to build the reactor in china 's eastern province of zhejiang and the southern province of guangdong . researcher examine woman 's economic opportunity and participation "" political power "" education and health in order to come up with the ranking . "
ham	"the withdrawal of "" 8 israeli settler from gaza and four small west bank enclave be set to begin later this year . h1 1996 h1 1995 nato say it be assess who the individual be . before saturday "" kostelic have never do good in world cup downhill than two second - place finish last year . but moodie win 10-percent more of his first - serve point to claim just his fifth win this year . "
ham	"he have deny all allegation . in other development sunday "" the dutch be schedule to withdraw the last of their "" 1 force from afghanistan . poll station be due to open today in 15 country "" include the united state "" for voter live outside iraq . prosecutor charge that "" tony "" rezko try to extort million of dollar in kickback from investment house that want to do business with illinois state board . -- the analyst set a 12-month price target of $ 45 and a fiscal 1996 year earning estimate of $ per share , his office say . "
ham	"humanitarian group argue the embargo be take the heavy toll on civilian "" while hamas militant continue to smuggle in build material "" weapon and cash through tunnel under the border with egypt . prosecutor say they send information to cuba use shortwave radio and equipment . earlier this week "" both the european union and russia call on israel to halt plan to build some 20 new apartment in east jerusalem 's sheikh neighborhood . the eu 's scientific veterinary and committee be due to re - examine the issue early next month and make recommendation to the senior veterinary official . the attack include verbal and physical assault and vandalism of property include mosque . "
ham	"may 1996 cdu / green an upjohn spokesman say he have "" hear nothing "" to suggest the early retirement package be spur by shareholder pressure or a potential bidder for the company "" which occasionally have be the target of takeover speculation . an article publish thursday in the state - run newspaper new light of myanmar say the western embassy have be disrupt peace and stability by offer course in english and international relation . in a meet of many top police officer from across the country on friday "" general musharraf issue a stern . he say britain 's troop will remain in iraq as long as authority there want them . "
ham	"deliver to consumer this be close to the market 's forecast of net profit of billion . mrs. clinton 's former national finance director from her 2000 senate campaign be currently on trial in los angele federal court on charge he lie to regulator about the cost of a lavish hollywood fundraiser . he return some 20 month later with a few companion in a small boat and arrange a successful rescue for the rest of his crew "" strand off the antarctic peninsula . -docstart- "
ham	"with the farmer come his "" who dance about and his hand and about as happy as could be . in baghdad "" the military say a roadside bomb wound three iraqi civilian . the child molestation trial of pop star michael jackson be set to begin in southern california . a court in london have into custody a man charge with attempt to bomb the london transport system in july . the asian human right commission say burma 's - of - court law contain no guidance on how be to be assess and hear fairly . "
ham	"there be no immediate response from the cambodian government to the bank 's statement . a majority of parliamentarian vote thursday against the somali president 's call for peacekeeper from border state to help stabilize somalia . -docstart- the country be the world 's number one producer of opium "" a key ingredient in heroin . -docstart- "
ham	"hurricane katrina slam into southeast florida thursday "" leave at least seven people dead . the network say monday it have not be officially notify of the ban . british police say they have release two people who have be detain in connection with last month 's fail car bomb attack in london and glasgow . the right group say more than 250 rape occur in camp in the first 150 day after last january 's earthquake . new delhi 1996 - 08 - 25 "
ham	"eritrea accept the 's "" virtual demarcation "" decision and call on ethiopia to remove its troop from the that it state be eritrean territory . philadelphia 53 76 28 today "" april 22 be earth day "" a global event that begin in 1970 and be credit by some with give birth to the modern environmental movement . the officer escape injury . in 1996 "" over 60 % of the world 's fish catch come from the pacific ocean . "
ham	"indonesia 's health ministry say a 17-year - old woman have die of bird flu . the next purchase tender from enap be expect for late october or early november crude , trader say . those bank that can not raise the need capital from private source could get additional government help . earlier "" a top u.n. official warn of impend chaos in the darfur region - blame both the khartoum government and rebel for the worsen situation in the conflict . the newspaper base its report on interview with current and former u.s. and foreign official who decline to be name . "
ham	"british police have detain three people at heathrow airport under the nation 's anti - terrorism act "" but official do not connect the arrest to the london bombing . two germans and four nigerian oil worker be kidnap by armed militant during a raid on a boat in nigeria 's southern oil - rich delta region . sidi 0 royal armed force 0 the organize committee for the beijing olympic say the torch relay for the 2008 games will go on as plan in china 's sichuan province next month . medium advocacy group like reporter without border have strongly criticize the move "" say the government be try to censor news . "
ham	"israeli military official say israeli soldier have shoot and kill one palestinian and wound two other on the gaza strip border . vfb stuttgart 2 2 0 0 6 1 6 the u.n. say property damage be also more severe than first report . the raid "" thursday and friday "" follow thursday 's arrest in britain of 24 people suspect in an allege plot to blow up u.s .- bind airliner over the atlantic ocean . health official say they be brace for outbreak of contagious disease as hundred of thousand of displace people live in condition and lack clean drink water . "
ham	"a u.s. statement say the fight take place in the northern town of tal afar "" and say there be no u.s. casualty . a police official say three police guard be kill and six other be wound in the early morning attack wednesday . speak tuesday at a large hardware store near washington "" mr. obama say the incentive would help consumer cut their energy cost enough to pay for the change they make . it say 12 other be sentence this week for their role in the protest . sudan have approve the deployment of 105 armored personnel carrier to aid african union peacekeeping force in the war - tear western region of darfur . "
ham	-docstart- pakistan 's military say it have destroy a training camp for suicide bomber in the swat valley . al - television friday quote source close to the kidnapper as say the abductor have set the deadline . 4 . johan ( belgium ) nato say saturday one of its operation in afghanistan have result in the death of two civilian and the wound of another . 
ham	"afghanistan be go through its bad period of violence since a u.s .- lead invasion in 2001 oust the taleban government . the crew include 17 indonesians "" five chinese "" one vietnamese and one nigerian . earning for the three - month period end in september reflect strong price for the company 's crude oil and natural gas . he tell cnn television that the incident start after he call one of the police officer unprofessional for interrupt his talk with an officer on horseback . that aircraft go down after passenger fight hijacker and stop the plane from hit its intend target . "
ham	russian force have be battle chechen insurgent for much of the past decade . police say the car bomber target a nato convoy pass through kandahar . at least 22 people be wound in the blast . voa 's recently catch up with him and have more on how this former diplomat turn his loss of eyesight into . the number of americans get long - term unemployment aid hit another record high last week . 
ham	"in the southern city of basra "" meanwhile "" authority say gunman shoot and kill ali abdul - hussein "" leader of a shi'ite mosque "" as he stand outside his house late thursday . the united state ban the sale of fighter jet to pakistan 15 year ago because of its nuclear weapon program . new york 74 57 - lyon 2 nancy 0 hapoel kfar 0 hapoel 1 "
ham	"some large nato member have express doubt that georgia fully alliance standard for democracy . the military also say coalition force kill three suspect terrorist and capture 36 other in the last two day in operation in central and northern iraq . mexican police have reopen a central square in the city of oaxaca after clear out protester demand that the state governor resign . delegate remain deeply divide over key issue include federalism "" national identity "" and the role of islam . , say the contract be "" not unique , but it 's big . "" "
ham	"stork h1 result breakdown per sector . pittsburgh at colorado election official in haiti have schedule runoff election for a new legislative assembly for late april . energy official from india "" iran and pakistan have fail to reach an agreement on a gas pricing formula for a multi - billion dollar joint pipeline project under consideration . sudan have deny the accusation . "
ham	"it be the story of a retire judge who move into an isolated and house in the hop to live in peace when his granddaughter unexpectedly come to live with him . a senior palestinian negotiator say israel plan to hand over the first of five occupy west bank city this week "" after the resumption of stall talk on security . chicago 2 milwaukee 0 australian prime minister john howard say a pullout of foreign troop from iraq would represent a defeat for the west . crude oil and gasoline price ease friday after rita be downgrade to a category 4 hurricane . "
ham	"pakistan have commit itself to fight islamic militancy in its tribal area "" while discourage the united state from undertake military operation on its territory . europol coordinate the operation in europe "" while the fbi handle the probe in the united state . the boycott make it likely that pro - chavez candidate will win two - third of the seat in the national assembly . somalia have be without an effective government since 1991 "" when warlord overthrow dictator mohamed siad barre and then turn against each other . anyang 0 3 0 5 5 3 "
ham	"follow a disastrous economic crisis during the early 1980 "" reform spur private investment "" stimulate economic growth "" and cut poverty rate in the 1990 . the area become a refuge for many al - qaida and taleban fighter after the taleban government be oust in afghanistan in 2001 . i just read that last year "" 41 people get marry . later "" he speak to an independent group "" the council on foreign relation . 15 - 8 15 - 12 "
ham	"but the u.n. mission in liberia say it be take the threat seriously "" describe them as a serious impediment to the consolidation of peace and stability in liberia . -- u.s. municipal desk , 212 - 859 - 1650 "" cofinec be a very good story in the long - term as the per capita packaging consumption be still so low in east europe that a very strong increase can be expect ( long - term ) , "" say , say that several recent move by cofinec boost its position . as europe celebrate armistice day "" mark the end of world war one "" poland also celebrate the re - establishment of its independence 123 year after russia "" prussia and austria divide and occupy the country in 1795 . that bring the total job lose to hurricane to "" 4 . "
ham	"but she miss those games after suffer a knee injury at the 2004 european cup final . two nicaraguan former guerrilla have be arrest in the case . in approve the new government tuesday "" iraq 's parliament fill 29 of the 42 cabinet position . industrial system and component nato foreign minister meet in brussels have agree the alliance will boost its training force for iraqi security force . "
ham	"mrs. king die early tuesday at an alternative medicine clinic in mexico . his brother and cousin be also execute . tass say the talk be take place in the settlement of novye atagi , some 20 km ( 12 mile ) south of the chechen capital grozny . lawmaker in chad have vote to relax control on the use of the country 's oil revenue despite objection from the world bank . chinese authority say they have punish 31 official and fire 12 other because of their poor handle of relief supply and response to the country 's massive earthquake last month . "
ham	"iraq 's president say he expect the country 's new constitution to be ready sunday "" one day ahead of schedule . however , he single out "" mission : impossible "" as an especially entertain movie , daily variety say . local authority say they have also take the driver of the bus into custody for question . saudi arabia be found in 1932 by the saud family . baseball - edge phillie 1 - 0 . "
ham	"-docstart- the only cross - country event that fall within the five - day suspension be the man 's and woman 's pursuit race sunday . he will also be the world body 's first leader to visit "" where a bomb fall three day later . simpson hint at more support evidence . he be catch by police try to force his way into a home in the rural new territory , a police spokesman say . "
ham	"authority in baghdad say iraqi security force have capture the leader of an al - qaida terrorist cell allegedly responsible for a series of beheading . albania ask greece on wednesday to explain why it be deport more albanian immigrant , foreign minister say . the defense lawyer walk out on monday after the judge jail one of them for what he call a lack of discipline . the trip result from 10 year of negotiation . the mountainous country be impact by mudslide every year as snow begin to thaw in the spring . "
ham	"iraqi official say the laboratory may have be use to make toxic substance and contain pamphlet on manufacturing . senator clinton be face re - election in new york in 2006 "" but the invitation of iowa supporter raise speculation that a 2008 bid for the u.s. presidency be likely . sudan 's government have criticize the group for issue statement which it say indicate support for the rebel in the western darfur region . london 1996 - 08 - 28 he be back in the start lineup thursday night and go before exit in the third inn . "
ham	"that violence have kill more than "" 30 people . hurricane expect to veer north of caribbean . organiser expect about two - third of the participant to drop out or be disqualify before the finish . the report say the updated list be part of a security review by turkey 's national security council "" which will be adopt in october . a top u.s. general have urge european and u.s. armed force to work together to improve security in africa . "
ham	"the military also say the iraqi army call in air strike saturday against armed militia man in "" south of baghdad "" one day after u.s. and iraqi force detain 27 suspect and kill three insurgent in the city . the president say his ultimate goal be to make sure that all americans look for work can get job . official say heavy rain from typhoon longwang on sunday cause flood and landslide in the fujian province capital city "" away two training school barrack that house police recruit . the bird flu strain have kill at least 43 people in vietnam since 2003 "" at least 12 in thailand and four in cambodia . the party be in the process of form a new government . "
ham	"under the new system tax and custom may be pay in the bosnian , the croatian kuna or the deutsche mark until a new bosnian currency be introduce . president bush have make a smooth transition to the next administration a top priority as his presidency wind down . most serbs consider the territory a historic heart of serbia . the city of "" up stream from guangzhou "" have already stop draw water from the bei river . in beijing "" police be out in force wait for protest to begin in the capital . "
ham	"he say that he do not understand why people who be accuse of terrorism be not extradite "" and instead be grant political asylum . low business tax - the maximum tax rate be 20 % - and easy incorporation rule have induce many hold company to establish nominal office in liechtenstein provide 30 % of state revenue . burma 's military ruler announce plan thursday to hold a gem auction in october "" despite international call to boycott the sale . resident of the northern town of be demand a highway "" say heavy truck traffic be destroy their city . the u.s. military say 23 of the terror suspect be hold at the u.s. detention camp at guantanamo bay "" cuba "" try to hang or strangle themselves in a coordinate "" mass disruption in 2003 . "
ham	"agricultural production be limited - only 2 % of the land be arable - and most food have to be import . katrina be expect to make landfall late thursday or early friday . in september "" the u.s. government say venezuela have "" fail "" to adhere to its obligation under international anti - narcotic agreement . he reject suggestion that china force his resignation . it be not immediately clear if the soldier have be infect with the often deadly h5n1 strain of bird flu . "
ham	"cuba "" however "" use a system that differ from the international standard . the shi'ite "" who dominate parliament "" want to establish an autonomous region in southern iraq "" model after the kurdish north . as to fundamental , economist at credit say they expect the country 's gross domestic product to be flat to negative in 1996 , and to grow only percent in 1997 . the head of the russian orthodox church "" patriarch "" urge believer to mark christmas with good deed . official say three people be wound in the clash "" and that two of the dead have be identify as mohammad "" a hezbollah security official "" and his aide . "
ham	"they invent thing "" too . ( g. 4 - 36 ) and 135 - 9 . israeli aircraft have fire missile into the gaza strip "" kill six people "" include a senior commander of the popular resistance committee . english and irish colonist from st. kitts first settle on montserrat in ; the first african slave arrive three decade later . the sanction be design to curtail iran 's allege nuclear weapon program . "
ham	"present concern include large - scale unemployment "" "" and on us aid . colombian police say u.s. and colombian drug enforcement agent have dismantle a major narcotic smuggling operation . the bomber be kill "" but there be no other casualty . washington have consistently defend the four - decade - long embargo against cuba "" say it be a necessary part of the strategy to the island from fidel castro . a statement from the health ministry say the woman 's family keep chicken in their backyard . "
ham	"-docstart- tokyo 1996 - 08 - 23 the group say hundred of woman be kill every year in pakistan in the name of family honor after they be accuse of have affair . the idea of a united africa be conceive four decade ago by ghana 's first president "" kwame nkrumah . at least five policeman have be kill in a militant attack on a security camp in indian - control kashmir . "
ham	"ansa say stevanin be unable to recall how he have kill the woman , remember only that he have find them "" in his arm "" after have sex with them . france 's foreign minister say european state could impose unilateral sanction on iran if the united nation fail to pass its own sanction . chicago 63 64 .496 4 1/2 salang tunnel reopen link kabul with north . attendance : "
ham	"he say it be hard for china to alert the public when infect bird die in small number . so every night she use to his hair and pick out the white one . mexican police be search for the people responsible for kidnapping the two top traffic official in the northern city of monterrey . israel complete a withdrawal from the gaza strip and four jewish settlement in the northern west bank last month . a provincial spokesman say the intelligence chief of the capital city of kabul be in the convoy "" but the bomb miss him because he be in another car . "
ham	"tuesday "" at least 23 iraqi police and national guard be kill in a series of insurgent attack in the so - call sunni triangle region north of baghdad - in and near the town of tikrit "" samarra "" balad and baquba . israel 's ministry of communication say that after a technical review with the u.s. computer maker "" official be now allow the late gadget into the country . eradication effort have be hamper by a month - long vaccine boycott in that country 's northern region . but official say the six be not suspect of plan any attack . tuesday "" the leader of israel and the palestinian authority meet in jerusalem to discuss some of the core issue of the mideast conflict . "
ham	"witness in somalia 's capital mogadishu say fight between rival militia have claim the life of at least 15 people since saturday . previously "" the coalition control eight of the region . demonstrator in the town of on the southern island of mindanao chant anti - u.s. slogan tuesday and demand that american troop leave the area . halftime 0 - 1 . arulanandam deny the fisherman charge the refugee for passage to india and say it be unfair to them for the refugee ' arrival . "
ham	"-docstart- arabic language al - jazeera television have broadcast what it say be a new videotape of kidnap u.s. journalist jill carroll plead for freedom for female iraqi prisoner . wed imphold yr eps - government approval follow an antitrust review by the u.s. justice department . recent banking reform have help increase private - sector growth and investment "" and the government have increase spending on agriculture to 7 % of its budget . "
ham	"a total of 25 be try in absentia "" while 14 other have die since the trial begin in 1994 . soccer - french league summary . the report also say the food situation remain critical in the west african country of mauritania "" and say the conflict in ivory coast be disrupt agriculture and market activity there . the north american defense command "" which guard against security threat in u.s. and canadian airspace "" provide update on what it say be santa 's progress across the globe . the pakistani government have summon envoy of nine european country to protest the publication of cartoon of the prophet mohammed . "
ham	"police also report find the body of three baghdad airport employee kidnap earlier this week . add 112 not out and wicket be 50 not out when anil kumble declare the inning . in a weekend of second - round qualifier for the 2012 african cup of nation "" no result be more than niger 's 1 - 0 upset of reign african champion egypt . after the dissolution of the austro - hungarian empire at the close of world war i "" the slovaks join the czechs to form czechoslovakia . spokesman adam ereli say wednesday the united state want the fact be air fully and appropriate action take . "
ham	"and she note repeat allegation of hezbollah 's use of human shield . schalke 4 0 3 1 5 9 3 a ship sail by upon the sea of politic "" an ambitious person start in hot pursuit along the strand ; but the people 's eye be fix upon the presidency no one observe the . japan 's supreme court have reject a demand that japan apologize to and compensate former korean force laborer who survive an explosion aboard a japanese ship at the end of world war ii . the u.s. dollar hit record low against the euro tuesday . "
ham	london 1996 - 08 - 23 some rebel have refuse to sign the accord . 6 month toronto 62 70 .470 13 about 1.5 million people will receive assistance . 
ham	"authority say a combination of gunman and car bomb be responsible for the violence in and near the town of tikrit "" samarra "" balad and baquba . a group of somali minister walk out of a meet monday "" before a majority vote to return to somalia but not to the capital "" mogadishu "" which the prime minister say be too dangerous . two british attempt at establish the island as a penal colony ( - 1814 and 1825 - 55 ) be ultimately abandon . ulsan 1 0 1 6 6 3 but the eu and the united state worry that iran could be develop nuclear weapon . "
ham	"the u.s. military have not comment on the report . south korea resume shipment of fertilizer and other emergency aid to the north in late march "" but decide to withhold rice aid until pyongyang begin to carry out its february pledge to shut down its main nuclear reactor . prime minister manmohan singh meet with the group of eight scientist wednesday after they have urge india 's parliament to reject the change . burma 's military ruler make no comment on the explosion and there be no report of serious casualty . roadside bomb kill four american soldier in baghdad on sunday . "
ham	"investigator say his guard be also shoot . rusty greer 's two - run homer in the top of the 10th inn rally the texas ranger to a 10 - 8 victory over the cleveland indians wednesday in the rubber game of a three - game series between division leader . the win rise against the dollar on friday as bank dollar position on the belief that the win would continue to strengthen , dealer say . difference over an election bill and choice for interior minister have delay monday 's expect announcement of formation of a new government in lebanon . nasa say there be few problem with the landing sunday "" though a radio glitch on a spacecraft orbit mars will likely delay the schedule mission by about one day . "
ham	the united state accuse iran of secretly try to develop nuclear weapon . leader at the summit will also discuss the conflict in darfur and zimbabwe . second and second ) france say it will conduct a fourth search for additional wreckage of an air france jet that crash into the atlantic last year with people on board . the agreement come one week after japan adopt new defense policy guideline that would allow the joint development of a missile defense system with the united state . 
ham	"the palestinians be expect to be free in the next week . this be a test of the answer machine broadcast system . anthony mitchell be tell by ethiopian official on saturday he have 24 hour to leave the country . expert and policy maker from around the world have gather in cameroon to discuss new way to battle malaria "" which remain one of africa 's main killer . in london monday "" the price of a barrel of crude oil for october delivery drop to $ "" fall nearly $ 1.5 from friday 's close . "
ham	"in the experiment , between 30 to 40 percent of the muscle fiber in one group of mouse produce for two week before diminish . sale of new home in the united state decline 1.6 percent in may "" evidence that the slump in the housing market be continue for a second year . security force have since kill or arrest dozen of militant . al - say syria welcome a close relationship with iraq and be commit to iraq 's territorial integrity and to an end to the u.s. occupation . -docstart- "
ham	"gremio 6 bragantino 1 the researcher say this would make their finding more accurate . last month "" lebanese official claim victory in the fight "" but daily firefight have continue since then . the company say it would be seriously hurt by the force sale of its main oil - produce subsidiary "" . it be consider hazardous to the environment . "
ham	"iraqi authority have impose tight security in and around baghdad and the holy city of karbala where shi'ite muslim pilgrim be converge for a major religious ceremony . meanwhile "" the nepalese army say maoist rebel kidnap and kill three unarmed soldier in the eastern district saturday . in 1986 romania suffer an epidemic of the more dangerous meningiti which have kill some 15,000 people in central africa this year . hezbollah battle israel during the jewish state 's 22-year occupation of southern lebanon "" and continue to skirmish with israeli force in dispute border area . the assembly be swear in at the baghdad convention center inside the heavily protect green zone . "
ham	"two united nation agency be warn that north korea be still struggle with severe food shortage "" despite enjoy its good harvest in a decade . "" there be little we can do when at mid - sea . earlier "" the defense team accuse a prosecution witness of perjury and present a video "" claim it contain a statement from a witness who testify against saddam late last year . although no attack be report "" there be sporadic violence . belarusian president alexander lukashenko say his government will set aside economic dispute and work closer with russia to oppose u.s. and nato plan for a missile shield in central europe . "
ham	"az alkmaar 3 0 1 1 0 3 1 london 1996 - 08 - 25 course ( player u.s. unless note ) : london . after several incident in which civilian be kill during anti - insurgent operation last year "" afghan president hamid karzai demand nato and the u.s .- lead coalition review its military strategy . "
ham	witness say civilian include woman and child be among the casualty . stoke 2 2 0 0 4 2 6 syria have call on the leader of lebanon 's parliamentary majority to provide proof of allege syrian assassination plot against him and the lebanese prime minister . men 's single iran deny the charge . 
ham	"f.c. 4 politehnica timisoara 5 the sichuan leg of the relay be originally plan for mid - june "" but have now be put off until early august - august 3 to august 5 . it be the second major quarterly loss for citigroup "" and it be the late in a wave of dismal bank earn report over the past week . egyptian source say police have be look for link between saturday 's attack and two sinai bombing last year that kill 34 people . the leader of australia and japan have offer their full support to britain in the aftermath of the deadly attack on london 's transit system . "
ham	"sepat be move northwest at a speed of around 20 kilometer per hour . ivory coast have be split in two "" with rebel in the north and the government in control of the south "" since a fail coup attempt in 2002 . agency official say they be not sure exactly what happen because the two employee "" both woman "" be too scar to talk . the island of and be the site of major us victory over japanese garrison in . chinese president hu jintao will hold talk with the leader of russia "" britain and france next month during commemoration in moscow of the end of the second world war . "
ham	revise single draw for the the french government have condemn remark by a top vatican official link the pedophile scandal in the catholic church to homosexuality . authority say most of the injury be cause by fly debris . the bombing be the second in recent day . dozen of demobilize soldier have take over the home of oust haitian president jean - bertrand aristide in a port - au - prince suburb . 
ham	"result of german first division the united state have never rule out military action against the suspect nuclear weapon project "" but a recently publish u.s. intelligence report say iran stop its nuclear weapon program several year ago . japan airline say it will purchase 30 boeing aircraft "" with an option to buy 20 more . it say peaceful disagreement be a sign of a healthy democracy . sri lanka say on friday the united state have promise to stamp out any illegal activity on u.s. soil direct against the island 's government . "
ham	"it say a total of 96 house be unearth "" as well as the ruin of a altar . daughter of journalist sivaram "" grief by his body in "" near colombo sri lanka 's government have order a full - scale investigation into the murder of a prominent tamil journalist who be abduct outside a restaurant thursday night . iran have be under intense u.s. and european pressure to abandon its nuclear activity "" while washington have accuse syria of be a haven for anti - iraqi insurgent . the drug "" which target only cell "" only work for the estimate of breast cancer case in which tumor produce too much of a protein know as . an israeli military spokeswoman say palestinians fire at troop who enter the balata refugee camp at nablus to arrest militant in the pre - dawn operation . "
ham	"standing : the attack start thursday when gang member set fire to several city bus "" burn some passenger alive . washington be push to have iran refer to the security council . budgetary problem complicate reform of the health and pension system for an age population . economic fundamental remain solid "" even though unemployment need to be reduce . "
ham	"chavez say his effort to mediate an exchange of hostage hold by the revolutionary armed force of colombia "" or farc "" be go well and say he expect a meet to take place in come day . the u.s. military say those arrest be suspect of plan attack against u.s .- lead force . police say the allege kidnapper "" dress as policeman "" snatch the child from their mother after she pick them up at school friday . the blue - chip cac-40 index end point or percent low at point after a brief into positive territory when the new york stock market open high . sudan 's government give a much low figure of "" 10 war - relate death . "
ham	"the president of the organization of petroleum export country say the oil cartel should keep produce the current amount of oil and consider raise its quota . asif mujtaba not out 1 authority make the arrest more than two week ago "" believe the suspect be about to carry out their deadly plan . local official say heavy rain also force authority to close the himalayan region 's main highway "" leave thousand of motorist strand . the other two be eventually and kill when army troop storm the prison about friday . "
ham	"egyptian official have not explain why he remain imprison about a week - and - a - half beyond his term . the dayton peace accord guarantee refugee the right to return to their home and ensure freedom of movement across ethnic line . 4 . 22 city official take the measure after gang set fire to at least six bus thursday "" burn seven people alive . intel 's announcement come the same week the world trade organization ( wto ) vote to accept vietnam as a member "" and one week before hanoi be schedule to host the asia pacific economic cooperation summit . "
ham	"in 1993 "" he pay more than $ 23 million to settle a separate child molestation case out of court . separately "" the u.s. military say an american soldier be kill late thursday in an explosion in the city of ramadi "" in al - anbar province . china say time right for taiwan talk . some pigeon expose to the attack of a kite ask a hawk to defend them . today 's demonstration come after day of violent protest in china over japan 's wartime past and its bid for a permanent seat on the u.n. security council . "
ham	"he say the world body must honor past commitment and work to achieve goal for debt relief "" improve access to world market "" and fight aids and other disease . the pakistani military launch its offensive in orakzai to hunt taliban insurgent . iraqi source say president talabani experience a drop in blood pressure "" but the source rule out a possible heart attack . most be capture in afghanistan and be suspect of be member of al - qaida or the former taliban regime . the country in which the 14 be kill include brazil "" colombia "" haiti "" peru "" nicaragua and ecuador . "
ham	"she have appeal to iranian authority to exercise compassion and free the trio . a fuel shortage be grip part of the southeastern u.s. "" after two hurricane in the gulf of mexico force oil company to shut down refinery for a time . result of german first division note - full name of the state - own german railway company be deutsche ag . tennis - have walkover to u.s. open third round . "
ham	authority say the attack fail when two guard open fire and the attack vehicle explode . now i can go to bed at at midnight or wake up at seven in the morning . official say the incident take place saturday after security force surround the man 's vehicle in the city 's district . to be human . paris 1996 - 08 - 29 
ham	"accord to court document "" the allege offense take place from march 2007 to february 2008 . two charge be to be drop . palestinians want a state that would include the west bank "" gaza and east jerusalem -- land capture by israel in the 1967 mideast war . chinese official say unidentified attacker have kidnap three chinese worker in southern nigeria . medical expert with the u.n. world health organization be investigate an outbreak of an unknown illness with a high mortality rate in the democratic republic of the congo . "
ham	"a presidential statement say will retain his current post as tourist minister "" but that finance minister will take over his industry and investment portfolio . the court say some family member be force to watch their relative be kill . tension run deep between india and pakistan "" whose dispute over kashmir have lead to decade of hostility and trigger three war . democratic leader say there be not room on the program for every retire governor to speak . britain 's high court reject that position in december "" and the court of appeal uphold the decision wednesday . "
ham	"the price will be determine through book - building . it give local authority the power to impose curfew for three more month . he do not see his shadow and "" accord to an american ritual "" that mean it will be a short winter . five other occupant of the van be take to the hospital . mr. chavez sunday describe the move as a "" tax on extraction "" "" say it would create one billion dollar in new state revenue . "
ham	"the oust iraqi dictator and the seven co - defendant be on trial for the 1982 kill of more than 140 iraqi shi'ite in the village of dujail . the army send troop and helicopter into karnataka state and neighboring andhra pradesh to rescue strand family and deliver emergency food and medical supply . guinea - bissau export fish and seafood along with small amount of "" "" and timber . the anti - drug message be a theme dole feel have strong voter appeal . a man whose home be raid by british police on suspicion of terrorism say police never identify themselves and shoot him without warn . "
ham	"trader say the award could be india 's low in recent year . britain have threaten to seek new international sanction against sudan "" sudanese rebel and people see as block peace in the war - tear darfur region . other theme expect to be address by minister include anti - terrorism effort "" health concern "" anti - corruption and transparency issue "" and maintain the security of regional financial market . the economy be service orient with commerce "" transport "" tourism "" and public service account for about three - fourth of gdp . mahmud "" a kurdish member of the committee draft the document "" tell the french news agency that wednesday 's deadly bombing have increase global pressure on politician to wrap up the constitution by the new deadline of august 22 . "
ham	"it be unclear if there be any casualty . the two be also blame for a similar computer attack earlier this year . tuesday 's talk be focus on a range of unresolved issue between the two side -- include the border "" citizenship and the share of oil revenue and nile water resource . ten of thousand of people have protest outside the indian factory set to produce the world 's cheap car "" to demand the auto company return the land to local farmer . the g-20 bring together the seven rich develop nation along with large emerge economy like china and brazil . "
ham	"the russian cargo vessel be carry more than two ton of food "" water and equipment . witness say most shop be close in town and village in the area , with the exception of hebron , a west bank city still under israeli occupation . a top u.s. general say the israeli - palestinian conflict be present challenge to the u.s. ability to advance its interest in the middle east . russia conquer the territory of present - day uzbekistan in the late 19th century . boast eight and 10 and one - half bathroom "" the three - story house also have an "" "" and space for 10 car . "
ham	"some of the demonstrator wave taliban flag and police say some member of the militant group have infiltrate the crowd . he be the first u.s. civilian charge for abuse prisoner in afghanistan since the start of the u.s .- lead war in 2001 . hundred of prominent critic of president vladimir putin 's denounce the legislation as a step back for democracy and an increase in authoritarian rule . speak in beijing tuesday "" a spokesman for the committee say the earthquake in sichuan will not affect the relay because the quake - stricken area be not along the route . the warn come in a videotape statement air by the u.s. television network abc on sunday . "
ham	"-docstart- dr. say all of zimbabwe 's ostrich farm have be place under quarantine until a national survey can determine the full extent of virus outbreak . thousand of people in city across britain have rally to protest israeli military action in lebanon . in a statement "" u.n. official say troop and haitian police will conduct vehicle search and other security measure . the - old former political leader have be in a coma for six month "" since suffer a massive stroke on january 4 . "
ham	"pirates have hijack a greek - own cargo vessel in the gulf of aden "" off the coast of somalia . swansea 1 lincoln 2 his office say the 73-year - old buddhist leader 's doctor have diagnose him with exhaustion and recommend that he complete some medical test . fuel price hike be also force the big u.s. automaker to slash truck production and make more small "" fuel - efficient car . hundred of north koreans have break into foreign embassy and consulate in china in recent year . "
ham	"the government control key area "" such as the vital petroleum sector "" through large - scale state - majority - own enterprise . meanwhile "" insurgent kill at least 11 people in attack across iraq sunday . report say some 50 rebel attack the soldier "" kill 15 . an insurgent group in iraq have release a videotape that to show the suicide bomber who kill 22 people last week at a u.s. military base in the iraqi city of mosul . al - qaida say the woman be be hold hostage by the christians for have convert . "
ham	"the u.s. government have charter three of carnival cruise line ship for the next six month to provide temporary housing for victim of hurricane katrina . the plane crash happen at a time of heighten tension between syria and israel "" which carry out an air strike deep inside syrian territory on september 6 . the victim be dai , who write about china 's 1966 - 76 leftist cultural revolution and the life of chinese intellectual , the official say . the poll show the number of people who believe the president be honest have fall 11 percentage point in little more than a month to 62 percent . the u.n. hop some of the aid will focus on immediate relief for newly displace people who can not access their food ration . "
ham	"the statement say the troop be kill by "" indirect fire "" late thursday . security be tight across kabul as afghans commemorate the fifth anniversary of the assassination of anti - taleban guerrilla leader ahmed shah massoud . it already have nine nuclear power plant in operation . israel be push ahead with its campaign against palestinian rocket attack "" with a series of air strike monday that kill at least five palestinians . a top hamas leader say the palestinian militant group be willing to discuss option for statehood in the west bank and gaza strip as well as a truce with israel . "
ham	"government information office chief - tell reporter friday that he want to quit ahead of the cabinet 's plan mass resignation on january 28 . slump foreign demand hit the industrial sector hard . during his trial four year later "" he and several other officer walk out of the courtroom and occupy the peninsula hotel . on wednesday "" he make no mention of interest rate "" which the federal reserve have raise several time in recent month . a health ministry official say the polio case be find in the "" and region . "
ham	a united nation envoy say mozambique be show sign of become a economy but still face humanitarian problem . marburg virus be a severe form of hemorrhagic fever similar to ebola - and be spread through contact with bodily fluid . ( italy ) 71 73 72 long - range forecast show the storm possibly move into the gulf of mexico next week . bolivia 's congress be expect to consider his offer to resign this week . 
ham	"further plan , he say , call for full provision of resource like fertiliser and herbicide for 25 percent of ukraine 's arable land next year , for 50 percent in 1998 and 100 percent of the land in 1999 . seven & i plan to buy up the remain share of millennium by march of next year . squash "" bean "" and yam be the main crop . president bush be set to address the country later wednesday on the national disaster cause by hurricane katrina . mostostal , base in southern poland , want to offer the bond to large investor in a public offer , pay an annual coupon of no more than 80 percent of the yield of the benchmark 52-week t - bill . "
ham	"one - month swap be at 18.0 / 18.5 , two at / 35.0 , three at / and six at 106.5 / point . the commission have be criticize for allow some accuse human right to use their membership to protect each other from condemnation . palestinian boy and girl scout be march through manger square here in bethlehem "" kick off christmas eve celebration . 18 - 15 15 - 6 rtrs - arthur year net a$ 6.1 mln . "
ham	"speak to state medium in tehran "" elham asghari "" the daughter of ali reza asghari accuse israel and the united state of abduct her father . the nine man be capture by a german naval vessel in the gulf of aden in march 2009 after an attack on the german - own freighter mv courier . the politically sensitive u.s. trade deficit with china rise to a record $ billion . 5 . armstrong 81 the april 20 blast kill 11 worker . "
ham	"industrial activity mainly involve the processing of agricultural product "" include "" jute "" sugarcane "" tobacco "" and grain . the propose bill would provide fine and imprisonment for deny that armenians in the ottoman empire be victim of genocide during world war one if adopt "" the bill would follow a 2001 french parliament decision that the death of one and a half million armenians amount to genocide . official say the bomber detonate his explosive when police stop his car for a search . soccer - dutch first division summary . guingamp 4 2 1 1 4 3 7 "
ham	"the united nation be work with sudan 's government and the world health organization to carry out the vaccination "" which will include southern sudan and other area in come week . in the past year pakistani force have be carry out anti - taliban offensive in the country 's northwestern tribal region "" particularly south waziristan . shower 0.25 - inch ( 6 - 33 mm ) and locally heavy through much of india , 75 percent coverage . atlantis will remain at the space station until at least sunday . the associated press report the other soldier be american . "
ham	"representative from 75 member country will debate the issue during their annual meet "" which end thursday . the newspaper granma say satellite television programming from the united state carry out the objective of those who want to destroy the spirit of cuba 's 1959 communist revolution . the 30-share dax index close at 2,563.16 point , up 4.32 . now he consider that it would be neither an easy nor a necessary work to make himself such a house as would him . he say iran only seek to generate nuclear power for electricity . "
ham	"most of those already free be ordinary prisoner . election official have reject a request from several candidate for a recount . throughout this period "" the island prosper and become one of east asia 's economic "" tiger . "" at last report "" the hurricane be locate about 400 kilometer off the southern louisiana coast "" in the gulf of mexico . toronto - base barrick , the world 's third large gold producer , its july 11 bid to c$ 30 a share from c$ 27 on august 16 after a fresh batch of drill result from the pierina deposit . "
ham	"more than 150 czech troop be currently serve in afghanistan . 5 . federico colonna ( italy ) mapei the agreement be announce late friday after 10 day of talk between brazil 's government and abbott laboratory . its slum be often the scene of gang and drug - relate violence that kill hundred of people each year . turkish official have send rescue team "" tent and blanket to the area . "
ham	"standing after game play on wednesday ( tabulate under win , the strike also come during the busy holiday period "" cost the local economy hundred of million of dollar a day . ukraine be appear in its first world cup while costa rica will face host germany in the world cup opener on june 9 in munich . the deal do not allow turkey to send its troop into iraq . datum give in employ person , in thousand . "
ham	"but some economist have criticize the report "" say it paint an picture of the u.s. economy today . a spokesman for bosnia 's prosecutor 's office say member of the state investigation and protection agency and bosnian serb police apprehend kujundzic wednesday in the northern town of doboj . the development come a day after roadside bomb attack in baghdad kill an american soldier and three iraqi policeman . lee ( ) knock out india 's low order on the rapidly deteriorate melbourne cricket ground pitch . they say the chinese government pay the mother of more than $ "" 8 ( "" 70 yuan ) in so - call hardship assistance . "
ham	"heavy overnight rain and morning rule out any play before lunch on the second day but an improvement in the weather prompt the umpire to announce a local time ( gmt ) start in the event of no further rain . airport authority say they will open two runway friday after they be sweep clear of snow . an army spokesman say three soldier go miss near "" but say at this time "" there be no confirmation of them be kill . ' fight between thai security force and anti - government red shirt kill 90 people and wound about "" 1 other during the protester ' occupation of part of downtown bangkok . "
ham	", ohio 1996 - 08 - 25 the street campaign have intensify since the king dismiss the elect government and seize absolute power 14 month ago . cincinnati at florida official have earlier say 43 people be kill in the storm "" however "" the number increase when the body of 185 more victim be identify sunday . iran 's foreign ministry spokesman call the charge "" baseless "" and say they show mr. bush be ignore what he call iran 's "" deep - freedom and democracy . "" "
ham	"turkish police have detain more than 80 people and use tear gas to prevent thousand of leftist protester from march to istanbul 's taksim square to hold a may day rally . new york southern record have already be preserve . the new york international inspector be request access to two secret iranian military site "" where intelligence suggest tehran could be develop nuclear weapon . prime minister viktor yanukovych be declare the winner of the flawed november election . "
ham	"baseball game play on wednesday ( home team in ) : -docstart- squad : the blockade begin on the ninth anniversary of the rebel ' violent uprising against the monarchy "" during which more than "" 11 people have be kill . japan say other arm export case will be consider on a case - by - case basis . "
ham	"current projection put the storm on a path to haiti "" where hundred of thousand of people be live in tent camp follow an earthquake in january . defense official say they be continue to investigate allegation of koran desecration that have fuel anti - u.s. protest around the world "" leave at least 17 people dead in afghanistan . meanwhile "" the head of the u.n. nuclear agency say there have be no evidence so far to support u.s. suspicion that tehran be develop nuclear weapon . in may "" a moscow court sentence the two man to nine year in prison on fraud and tax evasion charge . the head of the rebel ' political wing "" "" make the remark after talk wednesday with norway 's deputy foreign minister in the northern town of . "
ham	"the u.s. treasury announce tuesday it have take financial sanction against the parent of accuse drug trafficker juan carlos ramirez "" two of his business associate and two company he found . the report accuse burma of use execution "" rape "" torture "" random detention "" and force relocation of entire village "" particularly of ethnic minority "" to maintain its grip on power . in the at his first mass of 2008 "" the pontiff call the family the primary mean for assure peace . the cuban leader turn 80 on august 13 . follow financial difficulty in the late 1990 and early "" economic growth for uruguay average 8 % annually during the period 2004 - 8 . "
ham	"the prime minister also promise to strengthen effort to restrict cross - border attack into afghanistan . helibor pct pct after the rule junta in august 2007 unexpectedly increase fuel price "" ten of thousand of burmese march in protest "" lead by activist and buddhist monk . des 1996 - 08 - 29 he also say the taleban 's fugitive leader mullah mohammad omar would decide what would happen to the man . "
ham	colombia be the chief market for venezuela 's non - traditional export with percent . a u.s. embassy spokesman in tel aviv monday say official there have pass the investigation request to the israeli foreign ministry . iraqi kurdish official say iranian force shell the village in iraq 's sulaimaniyah province near the iranian border sunday and saturday . representative will also address the practice of donor nation provide aid base on economic requirement they expect the recipient nation to follow . seattle 66 61 7 
ham	"repeat devastating defeat of the russian army in world war i lead to widespread rioting in the major city of the russian empire and to the overthrow in 1917 of the imperial household . member of the afghanistan islamic council say they be concerned about the activity of some international non - governmental group that be try to convert afghan muslims to christianity . a serbian court have find 14 former serb militia member guilty of the 1991 killing of more than 200 civilian outside the croatian city of vukovar . the victim be brigadi general khalaf "" head of the kirkuk police operation room . shipment be for nov 15 - 10 . "
ham	"thai official flee hong kong after passport scam . the soviet union 's collapse in 1991 and austria 's entry into the european union in 1995 have alter the mean of this neutrality . north korea have mark the 60th anniversary of the found of its rule party with a mass gather in the capital . they say more than 450 other be injure and that the death toll could still rise . fish farm "" fishing "" and agriculture be be develop to diversify the local economy . "
ham	"earlier this month "" a u.n. panel find that civilian in darfur have be in a campaign that may amount to crime against humanity . she have promise to improve health care and education "" and have say she will divide her cabinet appointment equally between man and woman . iran and russia be build a nuclear reactor in bushehr "" about 150 kilometer south of where wednesday 's explosion occur . crude oil price peak at a record $ 147 per barrel last july . terje roed - larsen make the appeal in a meet with the israeli parliament 's defense and foreign affair committee tuesday . "
ham	"iraqi kurdish lawmaker have reject proposal to share provincial council seat in kirkuk equally among the region 's ethnic group . around the island support commercial fishing "" but the island themselves be not populated on a permanent basis . be survive by his wife and three child . he say the situation have deteriorate severely over recent month . the measure be expect to pass thursday in the democratic - control senate . "
ham	"the representative from indonesia "" sri lanka "" thailand and other nation in the region also will visit japanese coastal community to see how they respond to earthquake and tsunami warning . white house spokesman scott mcclellan say monday that the new review should the concern of some lawmaker . he be face charge include attempt murder and illegal possession of explosive . indonesian embassy official in baghdad say friday the journalist "" who work for an indonesian television station ( metro tv "" ) be head to baghdad in a rent car when they disappear tuesday in the region of ramadi . state : "
ham	"china have ground all its other . she make the accusation in a book write before her assassination in a december gun and bomb attack in rawalpindi . the kidnapping come after iraq 's parliament vote to extend a state of emergency for 30 day in an effort to quell sectarian violence and insurgent attack . south koreans be now count the day to their country 's historic first astronaut in space "" set to launch aboard a russian soyuz rocket on 8 april . british official say their troop be not under iraqi jurisdiction . "
ham	-docstart- the impoverished country be struggle to manage roughly $ 1 billion in debt . probably think so . police say a school in the eastern town of be destroy overnight and vandalism at an electricity station cause a power blackout in lyon . eight kill in moscow casino blaze . 
ham	"the uae say on monday it would hand over the three to the international red crescent , possibly last tuesday . russia have authorize the united state to use its airspace for flight carry troop and military supply to afghanistan . authority in indian kashmir say at least 15 people die when a bus veer off a steep mountain road and plunge into a gorge . in a statement "" nigeria 's information ministry say the index by berlin - base group transparency international fail to recognize the government 's effort at fight graft . an afghan army general "" sher mohammad "" say wednesday that 23 suspect taliban fighter have be kill after afghan and coalition force storm a taliban stronghold near the capital of uruzgan province . "
ham	"it be create by take three trail zero off the value of the former currency "" the bolivar . the government face many challenge include develop a market economy "" improve educational facility "" face up to environmental problem "" deal with the rapidly grow problem of hiv / aids "" and satisfy foreign donor that fiscal discipline be be tighten . opposition leader have insist that president karzai step down when his term expire in may and install a caretaker government . u.s. republican and democrats in 16 state have pick the economy as the most important issue face the country . that item be present tuesday . "
ham	"in addition to the arrest "" security force seize weapon "" ammunition "" electronic equipment and militant literature and document . pedro ( brazil ) 1 the four bomber in the july 7 attack be muslims "" but many young muslims say they be anger over police stop and search their bag in the subway . -- sydney newsroom 61 - 2 9373 - 1800 broker say profit take sale have come especially as the index approach the resistance level . "
ham	"the fee of slightly more than one dollar for a treatment have be cite as a reason more people be not take the medication . voa 's mil arcega report . the president of the international committee of the red cross say his organization be in intense dialogue with u.s. authority to gain access to all detainee hold under the struggle against terrorism . many orthodox church celebrate christmas on the julian calendar - about two week later than most other christians . more than "" 2 people have die and more than two million other have be displace since fight between darfur rebel and sudan 's government begin in early 2003 . "
ham	"his lawyer have say his defence in the civil trial that start sept . fc 0 fc karvina 2 critic "" include south korea and china "" say the shrine glorifie japan 's wartime past . u.s. president george bush tuesday thank troop who be back from iraq and afghanistan "" where he say "" thank to their sacrifice "" "" the force of freedom and liberty will prevail . "" five of the abductee have return to japan . "
ham	"the assailant rob three afghan national travel with him . in western herat province "" suspect militant with machine gun kill six policeman on patrol . the country continue to face great challenge in rebuild its infrastructure "" strengthen the civil administration "" and generate job for young people enter the work force . it say libya have provide a ground transportation for relief convoy from the port of "" libya "" into eastern chad since 2004 . kurdish leader accuse syrian official of hold the sheikh . "
ham	"4 . ato boldon ( trinidad ) the earthquake be assess as the bad in this region over the last 200 year and massive international assistance will be require to help the country recover . china say it have designate three park in outlying part of beijing to be use for public protest during the olympic games next month . demonstrator chant slogan such as "" love peace "" oppose missile "" "" and "" oppose . "" official say the blast occur before dawn thursday at a mine in northern hebei province . "
ham	"al - be release from guantanamo in 2006 to undergo rehabilitation in saudi arabia . worry about damage to energy production infrastructure have push crude oil price up to record level . and he urge move the talk to what he call "" a new stage . "" the follow be picture he take during his stay in iraq . in another incident "" a clash between police and government soldier at the mogadishu police academy kill at least four people "" include three soldier and one policeman . "
ham	"the enrichment process can be use to create fuel for nuclear reactor or in the creation of nuclear weapon . he say that there be an estimate 800 polish nurse work in libya . "" usually in the first one or two match , you want to find your rhythm and want to get into it , "" say graf , who win seven of the last eight point in the . the late violence come shortly after the chief of staff of iraq 's armed force ( ) tell voa ( persian news network ) that unlike in the past "" al - qaida member and other terrorist now have no permanent base in iraq . new york 74 56 - "
ham	"ten of thousand of resident on the eastern part of the island have be evacuate . if a third round of vote fail to give either candidate 68 vote , the parliamentary speaker have to convene an electoral college of all 101 mp and 273 local government representative for a new vote that could take up to a month . found by the television network to promote music education in u.s. public school "" the organization have reportedly provide $ 34 million worth of instrument to school around the country . spanish fisherman say almost the entire spanish fleet "" the large in europe "" remain in port on friday . that 's where the real champion win . "
ham	"demonstrator clothe in orange "" the color of the opposition "" mass outside the court friday to await the decision "" while thousand of other continue to gather in kiev main 's square . work for the weekly times "" a newspaper that the government try to ban in november of last year . in contrast to the strike and violent street rally that have mark bangladeshi politic in previous year "" the parliamentary election finally hold in late december 2008 be mostly peaceful and sheikh hasina be elect prime minister . egypt invite hamas and fatah "" along with small palestinian faction "" to a meet in cairo on november ninth to settle the conflict between the two large group . the united nation have hail a decision by pakistan to postpone the purchase of fighter jet from washington in order to provide more relief to earthquake victim as the himalayan winter approach . "
ham	"the government of peru have request that chile arrest former peruvian president alberto fujimori "" who arrive in chile unexpectedly sunday . -docstart- south korea 's foreign ministry say pirate "" probably from somalia "" have hijack an oil tanker . ride for third place : authority say 28 of the detainee be charge with violate rule on residence permit and 12 with other minor offense . "
ham	"at least two child be believe to be among the dead . maturity a b a b british military official in iraq say three british soldier have be kill in a suspect roadside bombing in the southern part of the country . the man work for a construction company "" niger cat . president reagan appoint him chief justice 14 year later "" in 1986 . "
ham	"the official iranian news agency ( irna ) quote the manage editor of the ( kurdish and iranian ) daily thursday as say a provincial court order the temporary closure of the paper . zicot , 45 , be a specialist in tackle vehicle theft . police source say force send by boat from the spanish mainland carry out the sweep in pre - dawn raid early tuesday across the tiny enclave on morocco 's northwestern coast . "" but they be more alert than they be 3 - 4 year ago . put f pct dem pct x "
ham	"czech cnb-120 index rise 1.2 pt to 869.3 . palestinian witness say an israeli missile strike have kill at least two man travel in a car in northern gaza strip . while in kabul for talk saturday "" defense secretary john reid tell reporter alliance member need "" to work through "" the issue of whether nato force should be involve in offensive combat mission . "" it 's not as though it have n't have an impact , "" he say . "" deficit / surplus jul + - + - "
ham	"a representative of the oust leader "" ricardo martinez "" say if no agreement be reach by then "" the dialogue be break . but it note in a brief statement : "" however , it be too early to say at this stage whether or not term can be agree . "" the attack take place sunday in the city of tijuana "" near the u.s. border . a number of company relocate to the island follow the 11 september 2001 attack and again after hurricane katrina in august 2005 contribute to the expansion of an already robust international business sector . in routine review of mfs option . "
ham	"united nation official say chadian villager describe be attack by arab nomad from chad and western sudan . the citizen 's coalition for human right of abductee and north korean refugee say the two defect separately . cincinnati at colorado speak at the pentagon "" u.s. defense secretary donald rumsfeld urge the iraqis to meet that deadline "" say the constitution could turn out to be a powerful weapon against insurgent . opposition party say they be boycott the vote because the electoral council be biased . "
ham	"police in britain also announce the arrest north of london of a man suspect of purchase weapon for use in terrorism . in the other semifinal match friday "" the czech republic 's lucie safarova defeat third - seed safina of russia "" 06-apr "" 06-feb . the fishing vessel have a crew of 23 russians "" two filipinos "" and two man from ghana . military official say troop shoot and kill a man walk near the israeli border in central gaza saturday . egypt 's health ministry say a teenage girl who test positive for the h5n1 avian flu have die -- raise the number of death from the disease in egypt to 14 . "
ham	"the train be travel from the eastern city of to new delhi at the time of the explosion . petroleos de venezuela sa ( pdvsa ) say in a statement tuesday that the decision be make "" in part "" because of the fall value of the u.s. dollar . it do not give detail of the incident . a physicist think reality be an to his . this spacecraft begin orbit mars in march . "
ham	"meanwhile "" there be conflict report about a turkish aerial incursion into northern iraq today . the probe will focus on the conduct of justice department lawyer in approve the program "" which allow the national security agency to on the e - mail and telephone conversation of americans without get prior approval from a special court . the decline of the ussr and the end of the cold war allow for german unification in 1990 . the shuttle leave the orbit outpost friday with seven astronaut "" and around the space station so the shuttle crew could photograph its . human right watch be urge the united state to use its security council presidency to create a new u.n. force in sudan 's troubled darfur region . "
ham	"a woman call in very upset because she catch her little daughter eat ant . the head of the u.n. development agency "" kemal "" say u.n. official submit a formal request to the algerian government for road blockade "" but no action be take . china be criticize u.s. move aim at protect the domestic textile industry . the government have say opportunity exist for mining bauxite "" gold "" iron and gem . syria and iraq have re - open embassy in each other 's capital for the first time in more than two decade . "
ham	"vietnamese man take slow train to alaska . the loss report friday grow as more and more consumer also fall behind on car and credit - card loan . the namibian security council order the immediate closure of their company "" call special operation - security management group . in march "" the eu competition commission rule microsoft have abuse its position in the market by only offer a version of windows with medium player . some 200 people in sao paulo die earlier this year in a series of attack by criminal gang . "
ham	"egyptian - bear musa be want in connection with the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in kenya and tanzania . spot reference pct later in her annual televise christmas message "" the queen highlight britain 's ethnic and religious diversity and appeal for tolerance . the ebola - like hemorrhagic fever spread through contact with bodily fluid "" and can kill rapidly . they say the identity of those kill in the strike be not immediately know . "
ham	"the times newspaper say diana be not name in the divorce petition hear by a court in surrey , southern england . nearly all the refugee have flee the camp "" locate near tripoli "" in the two month since the standoff begin . authority say the gunman have threaten to kill the hostage in unless shi'ite leave the town . the protest in pakistan begin monday morning when student march to different university in the city of peshawar "" urge people to join the demonstration . three year later "" the southern government adopt a marxist orientation . "
ham	"he say he decide "" it be time for him to assume responsibility "" and step down "" after oversee the military 's own investigation into the war . physician say human usually contract the human form of the illness by eat contaminate beef . church bell have begin toll across rome and throughout italy "" signal the death of pope john paul ii . it be the second kill of an election worker ahead of the september parliamentary election . many develop nation have benefit from major price increase for the commodity they export "" and have work to diversify their economy to ease the up and down that affect commodity market . "
ham	"low price for oil and diamond during the global recession lead to a contraction in gdp in 2009 "" and many construction project stop because luanda accrue $ 9 billion in arrear to foreign construction company when government revenue fall in 2008 and 2009 . the embassy say in a statement thursday that "" additional security "" have allow it to resume normal consular and visa service . french and iraqi official say a french engineer kidnap last month in baghdad have be free . as such "" israeli official have refuse to let the militant group conduct any political activity in the city . the article "" which cite unidentified u.s. and foreign official "" say the nuclear reactor be model on one north korea use for stockpile nuclear fuel . "
ham	"the also direct the turkish federation to identify and sanction athlete and coach involve in the violation "" and develop an anti - dope education program to be approve and monitor by the world body 's executive board . at least 10 people be kill monday in northern pakistan when heavy rain cause landslide to cover their home . the move "" the large prisoner release to date "" follow appeal by sunni representative for the united state to release thousand of prisoner who have be in jail for month without be charge . expert in bosnian and croatian laboratory compare the dna with blood sample take from more than 750 family who have report miss relative . britain 's defense ministry say the general 's plan depend on condition in iraq . "
ham	israeli prime minister ehud olmert have say his government be prepare to make substantial concession for peace with syria . the case be under investigation to determine whether the bird have the deadly h5n1 strain . militant be blame for frequent attack on nato convoy travel through the region . european union foreign minister be meet in brussels to discuss support for an emerge palestinian unity government that could replace the current hamas - lead one . the official say the meet take place january 8 in dubai and be hold at the militant ' request . 
ham	"in addition to nickel "" substantial financial support from france - equal to more than 15 % of gdp - and tourism be key to the health of the economy . mr. davis say he do not drink alcohol and be just out look for cigarette . at least 37 people die in that crash . the coalition say it be investigate the report of civilian casualty . total ( for eight wicket , declare ) 521 "
ham	"attendance . to the engineer "" the glass be twice as big as it need to be . he have live in jordan for the last three year . the iranian government have close an official newspaper because of a cartoon the paper run last friday . the government of chad say its army have kill more than 100 rebel during two gunbattle near the chad - sudan border . "
ham	": the price of a barrel of crude oil for future delivery be off nearly $ 2 and go as low as $ 73.83 . the taleban chase him out of kabul in 1996 . in a setback for the bush administration "" a u.s. district judge in washington d.c. also rule that the guantanamo detainee have constitutional protection under the law . the u.s. monthly trade deficit rise to an all - time high in november as oil import soar . "
ham	" but the good news be that all our computer model indicate edouard be go to turn to the west - northwest on sunday and miss the island ,  he add . relief agency warn it may take week to get aid to some needy people . central division hewitt take less than one hour to beat the second - seed american in straight set "" 06-mar "" 06-feb . norway , england and sweden be reward for their fair play on thursday with an additional place in the 1997 - 98 uefa cup competition . "
ham	the u.s. government say bp have agree to pay a record fine of more than $ 50 million for fail to correct problem at a texas oil refinery that explode and kill 15 worker in 2005 . many participant have already sign on to the u.s .- lead program . washington have be put pressure on general musharraf to stop taleban fighter from cross into afghanistan . the somali government have urge airline to use the airport despite the threat . it be not clear why they be in the remote area . 
ham	"w l pct gb the cac-40 in paris rise 2.4 percent to close at "" 3 "" and the dax in frankfurt move up 3.1 percent to hit "" 4 . the first nobel prizes be give in . witness say several civilian be also injure in the explosion . the host start the day thursday at 337 - 9 and be soon all out for 343 . "
ham	"russian president vladimir putin say he believe iran be cooperate sufficiently with the united nation nuclear agency and u.n. sanction will cause new problem . berlin 1996 - 08 - 28 in kirkuk "" insurgent ambush a police patrol "" kill four officer . pakistani police say they have arrest five people in karachi for allegedly plot attack on security force and government building in the nation 's commercial capital . the agency say 14 child and three woman be kill when wave sweep through the village . "
ham	"( group ) forecast year - ago 15,000 . a sixth suspect be on trial in on similar charge . prime minister jean - claude "" a staunch supporter of the pact "" have promise to resign if it be not approve . cricket - australia beat zimbabwe by 125 run in one - day match . "
ham	"paris 1996 - 08 - 27 the other two site be water plant in southern spain . at least six people have be kill and more than a dozen other wound in a bomb explosion in the southwestern pakistani city of quetta . economist set aside volatile energy and food price to gauge inflation in the rest of the economy . speak at a leadership conference in india 's capital "" new delhi "" mr. bush warn that if the taliban and al - qaida take control of afghanistan "" the people there will "" face a return to a brutal . "" "
ham	"washington 1996 - 08 - 22 the soup fall out of the long bill of the at every "" and his at not be able to eat afford the fox much amusement . the new orleans saint be relocate their workout to university in san antonio "" texas . those objection focus on preserve the military chain of command and the flow of intelligence to troop in the field . still , the governor say the new law do not go as far as the state 's own welfare reform program , dub w-2 . "
ham	"police board the panamanian - flag cargo ship thursday . the south korean stem cell bank open october 19 with the aim of provide scientist around the world with stem cell . the explosion occur sunday in the aegean coastal town "" a popular tourist destination near the port city of izmir . the suspension be expect to last for up to six month . but the group win nearly one - fifth of the seat in the low house of parliament in 2005 by field candidate as independent . "
ham	"at least four other people be wound in the blast . a gunman be hunt on auckland 's north shore be capture by police just after 9 a.m. on tuesday , new zealand press association report . eastern division president bush withdraw from the current kyoto protocol in 2001 "" say its limit on greenhouse gas would harm the u.s. economy because develop country be not hold to the same standard . supporter say the deal will help lift the region out of poverty . "
ham	"the european union say britain "" france and germany be due to hold new talk with iran wednesday on tehran 's nuclear program . georgia have demand a quick pullout "" while moscow say it could take year . ben boudhiba be accuse of belong to an al - qaida cell that provide false passport and money to the of 2001 attack on new york and washington . the u.s. coast guard have count more than 40 spill from refinery "" storage depot and other facility . thursday "" the u.s. state department say a regional force should not include somalia 's immediate neighbor "" due to perception of bias . "
ham	"egyptian police say they have kill one of the main suspect in the recent bombing at egypt 's red sea resort of sharm el - sheikh . violence there have escalate in recent week "" with dozen of dead body turn up . under the ceasefire "" "" 15 u.n. peacekeeping force and the lebanese military will patrol the border region with israel . abc say the tape be deliver to its office in pakistan on saturday . the proposal call for venezuela to offer oil at a 50 percent discount . "
ham	"mr. moussa be to hold talk with senior iraqi leader and also meet the country 's most influential shi'ite cleric "" grand ayatollah ali al - sistani . kandahar be a stronghold of afghanistan 's former taleban ruler . the development in turkey come as the world health organization urge asian government to speed up test for bird flu to help identify early sign of a pandemic . the report say an anti - drug squad be patrol the mekong river near tachileik when it encounter drug trafficker and a gunbattle break out . hong kong 's hang seng index gain 27 point "" to end at . "
ham	"official in chile say the rescue shaft they be drilling to free 33 trap copper miner could reach the man by saturday . "" there be people who be take advantage of the news to put pressure on rate , however , there be enough player who will buy and that will keep rate from rise too much , "" say one dealer . we have report that she 's be serve with an arrest warrant . a man walk into a circle - k "" put a $ 20 bill on the counter and ask for change . mr. kabila preside over an interim government in the chaotic central african country . "
ham	a new u.s. military report conclude that top pentagon official do not direct or encourage the abuse of prisoner in u.s. custody . the long volcano resume activity in 1970 ; the most recent eruption occur in 1985 . he give no reason for the action . there have be no official confirmation of the clash from the damascus government . follow be key datum from the august monthly survey of trend in uk manufacturing by the confederation of british industry ( cbi ) . 
ham	"i do n't like play under the light but maybe it would not have make any difference . "" he tell reporter that he want to see for himself whether iraq be move toward stability or deep into chaos . in march 2000 "" the congress approve a series of structural reform that also provide for the adoption of the us dollar as legal tender . bosnian serb authority acknowledge for the first time last year that there have be a massacre . a first batch of the mobile missile be deploy in the area last year . "
ham	"the attack occur sunday morning in a village east of "" tripura 's capital city . ukraine , with a russian community of 11 million people -- the world 's large outside russia -- have avoid conflict like those in russia 's chechnya , neighbour moldova , and the former soviet republic of georgia , azerbaijan and tajikistan . in another development "" a sunni muslim cleric be gun down outside a mosque north of baghdad . -docstart- current concern include the country 's heavy foreign debt burden "" high unemployment "" grow involvement in the mexican and south american drug trade "" high crime rate "" and one of the high prevalence rate of hiv / aids in central america . "
ham	men 's 400 metre : inflation concern have be rise along with the price of oil . the official say the rebel set ablaze two bus and release all but three passenger . the government regularly blame exile group that oppose military rule . mauritania 's move leave egypt and jordan as the only arab state to maintain relation with israel . 
ham	"he say anyone find spy for foreign country will be show on television "" and put on trial . provincial police chief mohammad hussein say the bomber be on foot when he blow himself up near an afghan military convoy saturday in district of helmand province . kurdish guerrilla kill two people and take three hostage after stop two bus at a roadblock in eastern turkey , security official say on tuesday . singapore 1996 - 08 - 26 the right issue also prompt fear , "" say a deal director at a local brokerage . "
ham	"venezuela be the third stop in mr. zeng 's five - nation tour of latin america and the caribbean . ally of iran 's president - elect be deny allegation by several americans hold hostage in iran more than 25 year ago that he play a key role in their detention . guest at the memorial observe a moment of silence at the same time the japanese attack begin on december 7 "" 1941 . say thursday it have sign a $ 1 billion contract with zenith to make digital set - top box for its home entertainment service . the plan say hospital would be overwhelm with patient "" which could number more than eight million . "
ham	"mr. cholmondeley 's ranch in the central rift valley be one of the big in kenya . the two most mention alternative site for the game be the in san antonio or the "" 90 - seat stadium in baton rouge "" which be the home of louisiana state university . some 70 people in turkey be hospitalize with symptom of avian influenza "" but the associated press quote health official as say most of them have test negative for bird flu . the hubble have be orbit about 600 kilometer above the earth since 1990 . the good part be the drug be already available . "
ham	"bird flu tend to be more active during the cold month of the year . nepal regard tibet as part of china . the cleric and tribal elder gather sunday in "" the capital of badakhshan province "" to pass a resolution demand a reaction from u.s. authority within three day . the region have be rock by a series of grenade attack by separatist militant in recent month . after moderate growth in 2007 "" the economy reach a growth rate of 7.2 % in 2008 "" in large part due to high global petroleum price and increase public sector investment . "
ham	"britain occupy the caribbean coast in the first half of the 19th century "" but gradually cede control of the region in subsequent decade . colombia 's peso close low at after come under pressure from dollar - buy by seek to meet their commitment abroad , interbank dealer say . river plate 0 - la plata 0 colombia have be mire in four decade of civil war . several dozen palestinian police storm the palestinian parliament build monday to press demand for a security crackdown on hamas militant . "
ham	"the international community have criticize israel for such overflight . international observer say the october ballot fall short of democratic standard . about 50 thai air force plane fly over three restive southern province sunday to drop 120 million ( ) bird make of fold paper "" symbolize the national wish for peace . amnesty say more than 20 woman have complain of be abuse or rap by police who be send to the town in may to stop a protest by local resident . paramount picture be go ahead with a sequel to the tom cruise blockbuster , "" mission : impossible "" and hop to release it in the summer of 1998 , daily variety report in its friday edition . "
ham	"iran have threaten to resume enrichment after the international atomic energy agency refer it to the u.n. security council for possible sanction earlier this month . lebanon 's prime minister - designate say he will offer his resignation to the lebanese president "" after fail to form a government of national unity . notes - bank of spain announce balance of payment . wellington 1996 - 08 - 27 london 1996 - 08 - 26 "
ham	"fao director - general jacque tell an audience in india tuesday that crop yield will probably fall in the seasonally dry as global average temperature rise . 4 . lance armstrong ( u.s. ) the official iraqi news agency ( ) quote iraq 's ambassador in khartoum as say that iraq 's embassy in the sudanese capital have nothing to do with the monday night hijacking . health official be try to increase the city 's consumption of fruit and vegetable "" especially in less neighborhood where obesity rate be high . lawmaker in the low house vote 384 to 56 tuesday to adopt the charter "" which replace the much - eu constitution reject by french and dutch voter in 2005 . "
ham	"the area be litter with cave and police believe fox have a hideout which have enable him to evade capture . but "" it say demand be continue to grow for hybrid car "" which use less fuel than conventional vehicle because they combine a gasoline engine with high - tech battery and electric motor . three jordanians and an algerian man have be convict wednesday of plot attack on jewish target in germany . iran deny seek atomic weapon and say its nuclear program be for peaceful purpose . when he reach the hollow of the tree "" he find a full of honey . "
ham	"on saturday "" his finnish counterpart "" alexander "" say there be enough agreement within the eu to impose unilateral sanction on iran . in recent month "" iranian force have clash with kurdish rebel in northwestern iran . 13 . latvia the agreement replace the 1991 start treaty . another officer be show shove and scream at a news producer who be document the confrontation . "
ham	"the attack follow the assassination of four french tourist on monday in eastern mauritania . at the moment this be not the case . "" the plan be part of a program the president previously announce to spur job creation . 2 - 0 . beijing consider the island part of its territory . "
ham	"the partial remain of "" 5 more victim be still wait to be identify . the of what be today the european union ( eu ) from a regional economic agreement among six neighboring state in 1951 to today 's hybrid intergovernmental and organization of 27 country across the european continent stand as an unprecedented in the of history . mr. mugabe say those who criticize zimbabwe 's recent program to demolish illegal dwelling and street stall be try to tarnish the image of zimbabwe and depict it as a fail state . egypt agree two year ago to create a national council on human right to investigate allegation of right abuse . the proposal also would have abolish the central bank 's independence "" limited individual right under state of emergency and create new form of community - own property . "
ham	"the contribute nearly $ 9 million towards the government budget in 2006 and be an important for meet shortfall in the government 's budget . the jordanian arab socialist baath party , which have one deputy in the low house of parliament , have deny involvement in unrest which it blame on government policy and rise economic hardship . opinion poll show the region party be favor to win the large number of seat in the vote . afghan authority say security force be hunt for an indian telecommunication worker kidnap by taleban insurgent . authority say the weapon confiscate by police saturday include grenade and other explosive . "
ham	"one of the release officer say his captor include rebel from colombia 's two main guerrilla group - the revolutionary armed force of colombia "" know as farc "" and the small national liberation army "" or eln . not "" give its influence on young artist and art market "" the result be often controversial . a sarajevo daily newspaper , avaz , which be close to bosnia 's moslem nationalist party , on monday say the osce would postpone the municipal - level election until the spr of 1997 because of the refugee registration problem . south korea 's yonhap news agency quote government official as say they be investigate the 28-year - old on suspicion of spy for north korea "" but they doubt he actually convey any sensitive information . opposition lawmaker say the armenians lead a controversial police raid on kenya 's standard medium group in march . "
ham	"none of the leader of the khmer rouge have ever be bring to trial . the aircraft have disappear in bad weather south of the main northern city of mosul . an american envoy to the iaea have tell the agency 's board of governor that the construction project have undermine tehran 's promise to suspend its nuclear development work . secretary of state condoleezza rice call the attack a "" great tragedy "" "" add it show people be willing to take innocent life without remorse . gabon enjoy a per capita income four time that of most sub - saharan african nation "" but because of high income inequality "" a large proportion of the population remain poor . "
ham	"the u.s. military say a roadside bomb have kill an american soldier in eastern afghanistan . chicago cub right fielder sammy sosa undergo surgery on monday to remove a fracture bone from his right hand and will miss four to six week , the club announce tuesday . the pipeline be run by "" a conglomerate own mainly by china 's national petroleum corporation and malaysia 's . "" the 13-year - old girl try to extract 60 and 70 ( $ 22 and $ 26 ) from two resident of sierakowice by threaten to take their life , "" a police spokesman say in the nearby northern city of gdansk on thursday . he say the president 's plan would force the country to borrow trillion of dollar from foreign nation . "
ham	"washington 1996 - 08 - 29 the sec drop a third proposal that would have allow investor with market order to trade at a good price if there be shift in price before their order be execute . general musharraf seize power in a bloodless coup in october "" 1999 "" appoint himself president in june "" 2001 "" and win a heavily criticize referendum in april "" 2002 . when she finish speak "" all the man start . several hundred inmate who escape from a prison in haiti be believe to still be at large sunday "" after an attack on the national penitentiary leave one guard dead . "
ham	"in recent week "" pakistani army helicopter and ground troop have overrun suspect training base in baluchistan think to be use by militant for attack on government installation . anderlecht 2 lokeren 2 u.s. businessman philip and five u.s. serviceman have also be implicate in the scheme . talk between syria and israel break down in 2000 . one of the suspect bomber in the fail july 21 attack on london 's transport system be be extradite from italy to britain . "
ham	"the president of iraq 's kurdish autonomous region "" massoud barzani "" have reject the iraq study group 's recommendation on way to stabilize the country . the immigrant would be allow to work in the united state for up to six year . when face with similar allegation earlier this week "" ukraine say it be meet all transit requirement . at least 16 people be kill and an unknown number be still trap in a residential build that collapse in lagos "" late tuesday . despite their discovery "" the british antarctic expert say global warm and rise sea temperature be still the big cause of the southern continent 's accelerate ice melt . "
ham	"a spokesman do not provide detail . the government accountability office "" gao "" say several u.s. agency ne to measure if sanction be help to curtail iran 's allege support of terrorist group . president bush say he support a criminal investigation into the destruction of cia videotape show interrogation of terror suspect . the island nation have be able to attract foreign business and investment "" especially in its offshore banking and tourism industry "" with a surge in foreign direct investment in 2006 "" attribute to the construction of several tourism project . an artist base in los angele "" california "" be attract attention with a show of his work that combine video "" audio and sculpture . "
ham	"among the other offer of help "" the european union on sunday commit $ 4 million for what official call the vital period immediately after the disaster . the u.s. military say an american soldier be kill in a roadside bomb blast in western iraq tuesday . clinton arrive in chicago on day of re - nomination . somalia 's transitional government have announce plan to begin relocate to the capital mogadishu from kenya february 21 . trader say there be not much demand for one percent material gas oil , with the premium at 40 to 45 cent . "
spam	"the prime minister have order an investigation "" but have say that ms. be safe in her job . israel have recently step up air strike and artillery shell against militant target in northern gaza "" in response to ongoing rocket fire from gaza militant target southern israel . a foreign office spokesman tell reporter that the process of their release have already be initiate and they will be release soon . he die slump against oncin , who subsequently lose interest in tennis . he do not say if egypt would go so far as to break relation , a step it have be reluctant to take , because it would affect ordinary sudanese . "
spam	"voa 's melinda smith have detail of a new study show that at least "" 6 child in the u.s. be hurt every year in diving accident . but u.s. military official could not confirm the incident . but the military junta refuse to recognize the ballot "" which be widely see as free and fair . robert stein enter his plea in u.s. district court in washington thursday . japan 's foreign ministry say tuesday the loan will be use to help the port of and repair a thermal power plant near baghdad . "
spam	"rebel source in mexico say a female leader of the zapatista rebel movement have die . 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 nac breda 1 ( 20th penalty ) nec nijmegen 1 ( 36th ) . this restructure pave the way for an economic recovery - real growth for 2006 reach a two - decade high - and help to reduce the debt burden "" which remain at about 85 % of gdp . the cut - off come as washington continue to pressure iran to stop enrich uranium as part of its nuclear program . "
spam	"the bush administration say terrorist suspect be hold in guantanamo bay "" cuba "" have no constitutional right to challenge their detention in u.s. civilian court . the armed basque separatist group "" eta "" say it be willing to take part in peace talk with the spanish government . somali president abdullahi ahmed will now have to appoint another prime minister . 0 ( 2 - 0 ) the 15-member u.n. body currently have five permanent member - a status that include veto power for the united state "" britain "" france "" russia and china . "
spam	"the election be widely judge to be free and fair . m. maynard b wasim akram 41 -docstart- official have blame taleban rebel for a series of attack on educational facility "" include fire at a dozen school and the kill of several teacher . at the time "" russian president vladimir putin visit the hospital to confer a medal honor for his extraordinary achievement in music . "
spam	"under the agreement "" japan and the united state will exchange information on research "" deployment and operation of a missile shield . the exhibition pull together 76 piece of diamond jewelry wear by the rich and famous "" royalty and hollywood star . producer john say the digital production herald a new wave of three - . jewish leader note that this be the first time that 's tiny jewish community take on a major restoration project without any donation from abroad . the military say the soldier be kill late friday during security operation in anbar . "
spam	"england be see in widely publicize photograph hold a leash attach to a naked detainee at abu ghraib and "" in another photo "" smile and point at a prisoner 's . president karimov be face harsh international criticism over the incident "" which he blame on muslim extremist . the official news agency xinhua report that party official launch the training program thursday with a hostage rescue demonstration at beijing 's people 's police college . chevron say it stand behind its merger agreement with unocal "" which have be approve by the federal trade commission . perth , australia 1996 - 08 - 27 "
spam	"meanwhile "" at least 10 iraqis have be kill in attack thursday . joseph and work on construction and engineering project in iraq . in early 2007 "" india and bhutan renegotiate their treaty to allow bhutan great autonomy in conduct its foreign policy "" although continue to coordinate policy decision in this area with new delhi . "" after i be tell they be dye , i check them over again . the military say and sergeant milton ortiz be charge with of justice for allegedly conspire with another soldier who have be accuse of place an near the body of the wound man . "
spam	"louisiana state and local official be also investigate the levee failure . authority say tuesday that about "" 2 by - artist and architect be miss from the state archive of literature and art . "" more generally , the long - term effect of fiscal consolidation be clearly positive , with high save tend to promote economic growth by raise investment and lower long - term real interest rate , "" the rba say . it be not clear if the man be armed . but at 36 it would be ask too much of paul , "" he say . "
spam	"britain 's foreign office say it be investigate report that at least two british citizen be among the dead from monday 's shoot . ambassador ali tell there be only one diplomat among the 199 passenger and crew on the sudan airway airbus . one of the big dispute be israel 's continue settlement activity in territory that palestinians claim for a future state . secondhand smoke be also blame for 430 infant death annually in the united state . anti - syrian opposition leader say mr. karami 's inability to form a new government be really a delay tactic to try to derail the election "" which can not be hold until a new government if form . "
spam	"he also say shareholder approve the issue of 2.6 million new share , two million of which be earmark for large investor and 600,000 for retail domestic investor . the official say new party president takemura , finance minister until the begin of this year , promise his resignation in a meet with the politician who set off the rebellion in the small coalition member . a white house spokesman tuesday say the president 's meet with mr. focus on a wide range of issue "" but he do not give detail . but "" as voa correspondent gary thomas report "" the central intelligence agency employ an executive who run a very exclusive restaurant where only those with proper security clearance can enjoy the fine dining . katrina be briefly downgrade to a tropical storm as it cross land "" but it have turn into a strong hurricane while move over the warm gulf water . "
spam	"-docstart- the first be aim at a home in the jabalya refugee camp "" and the second hit a house in the beit hanoun district of northern gaza . saint vincent and the "" nicaragua and guatemala be among the nation on his . russia be warn it will take step if any country deploy weapon in space . venezuelan president hugo chavez say his government be take over several metal company . "
spam	"the u.s. military say five american troop die in iraq thursday "" include four kill in a roadside bombing . it be expect to pass easily in the upper house . president bush have say he will veto any legislation block or delay the deal . dozen of soldier and police guard the courthouse on the southern island of "" as the verdict be read to six of the convict man wednesday . portugal 's new coach jorge call up six player from league champion porto on friday in an 18-man squad for the open world cup qualifier against armenia on august 31 . "
spam	"the organization for security and cooperation in europe say its secretary general "" jan kubis "" will make his third such visit to ukraine in a week "" begin friday . an ariane rocket have lift off from "" french guiana "" carry seven satellite "" include at least one that be to gather intelligence for france 's military . the cia say any attack would probably be on a small scale "" use improvised delivery device and easily or substance . that would be the first case outside sichuan province "" where the outbreak begin . u.n. emergency relief coordinator jan egeland praise the ugandan government wednesday for its renew effort to seek dialogue . "
spam	"one day it occur to him to stop say that his paper be pure and and "" and make it so . ( marseille ) , robert pire ( metz ) , henry ( monaco ) economic official from the group of 20 industrialize nation be meet in london friday and saturday to discuss this and other issue ahead of the g-20 summit in the united state later this month . afp say razuri have just finish cover a story and have return to the agency 's office in gaza . official say the victim be a resident of western jakarta who have a history of contact with sick poultry . "
spam	"earlier "" spokesman joaquin - say the pope receive vatican official in his apartment and ask for to be read . the spokesman say president bush will recognize rwanda 's contribution to stability in the great lak region and its peacekeeping contribution to sudan . reuters have not verify these story and do not vouch for their accuracy . a pakistani investigation last year conclude that taliban militant be likely responsible for ms. bhutto 's death in december 2007 . prosecutor issue a warrant for savic 's arrest on suspicion of war crime against muslim civilian in the visegrad area in 1992 "" as ethnic serb force kill or expel most of the muslims and croat from eastern bosnia . "
spam	"the second study by french researcher also find that the early "" aggressive treatment of mini - stroke bring similar benefit . u.s. defense secretary donald rumsfeld say the allege action do not represent the overwhelmingly positive behavior of the u.s. military "" add he want the u.s. military in afghanistan to accelerate its own investigation . buffett raise property capital stake . the state of health of boris yeltsin , who have two heart attack last year , have be the centre of medium and market speculation after he win a second term in office in the july 3 election run - off and all but disappear from the public eye . police have be hunt him and azahari since the 2002 bali bombing that kill 202 people . "
spam	"some african head of state plan to push for a united continent during an african union summit that begin sunday in the ghanaian capital of accra . the military say abu ahmed be the deputy of abu talha "" commander of a zarqawi terrorist group in the northern city of mosul . ( switzerland ) 0 -docstart- the conference come amid increase awareness of the difference over how muslims and non - muslims in europe view islam 's place in their society . "
spam	he say elder in the area be involve in negotiate for their release . jones ( u.s. ) beat amy frazier ( u.s. ) 7 - 6 ( 7 - 3 ) 6 - 2 venezuela say some of the officer have be detain and other have leave the country . dominguez be on trial for smuggling five baseball player from cuba to florida in 2004 . european union commission president jose manuel barroso be expect in moscow thursday to prepare for next month 's summit between russian president vladimir putin and eu leader . 
spam	" if they be say at least 20 percent , then their internal forecast be probably say 25 or 30 percent ,  say one sydney medium analyst who decline to be name . in a speech last week "" cuban president fidel castro indicate pay increase may be need to battle corruption . but the union leader plan to meet later wednesday to discuss their next course of action . but mr. mbeki tell south african radio sunday he see no reason why haiti 's newly - elect president rene preval would oppose mr. aristide return home . talabani have agree to take part in talk in london on reach a comprehensive settlement for the puk - kdp conflict , the puk statement say . "
spam	"the 30-share dax index in frankfurt close up at . the statement also say troop have confiscate hundred of mortar "" explosive and gun . official say there be no other casualty . ms. predict that her brother "" who also win a parliamentary seat "" will return to kyrgyzstan soon . mr. powell meet friday with dutch foreign minister bernard bot . "
spam	"serve as moldova 's president until he resign in september 2009 "" follow the opposition 's gain of a narrow majority in july parliamentary election and the communist party 's ( ) subsequent inability to attract the three - fifth of parliamentary vote require to elect a president . estonian president arnold ruutel have formally approve the country 's new government "" three week after the previous rule coalition collapse . mr. erdogan also challenge his political rival to make a similar pledge . the spokesman say kujundzic be arrest on the order of the country 's central prosecutor 's office and be be hold in a court detention facility in sarajevo . u.s. federal prosecutor be conduct a criminal investigation into the levee failure that lead to widespread flood in new orleans after hurricane katrina . "
spam	"mr. karimov arrive in beijing wednesday "" a day after china voice support for his regime 's bloody crackdown on anti - government protester . u.s. and iraqi force have be operate in the euphrate river valley to stem the flow of insurgent and supply from across the border "" ahead of next month 's parliamentary election . the military spokesman say allegedly take out his weapon and begin shoot at the other soldier . mr. mottaki "" who arrive in pakistan wednesday for a two - day visit "" say he and mr. kasuri also discuss expand economic cooperation and a propose gas pipeline project . the statement say freedom of speech and assembly be universal right that all government should recognize and defend . "
spam	"in a speech in parliament on tuesday , challenge the maoist communist to "" win the people 's confidence "" and win election to parliament . claim iran block persian broadcast by the voice of america and the bbc after june of last year "" when a dispute presidential election in iran spark mass anti - government protest . the united state and eight other western country boycott the conference over fear that it would become a forum for anti - . bob ( 5 - 1 ) , acquire from the new york yankees on friday , earn the win in his milwaukee debut despite allow the tie run in the eighth inn . official say the ravi and river , which both flow through punjab , be in high flood and emergency service back by troop be on full alert . "
spam	"5 . federico colonna ( italy ) mapei indian authority say the bombing be in retaliation for the destruction of a 16th century mosque "" in the northern city of "" by a hindu mob a year earlier . there be no casualty report among the nato and afghan troop . the rule coalition and opposition lawmaker be divide on several issue "" include how to amend the constitution to enable army chief general michel suleiman to be elect . citgo say the fund will be direct to appropriate relief organization in the affect area . "
spam	"there be also concern the storm have the potential to damage a rice crop "" although the country 's agriculture ministry spokesman "" al - "" be deny report official have ask farmer to rush harvesting the rice . forensic expert in indonesia now say that three of four victim of saturday 's bomb blast in bali be australian national . meanwhile "" president bush praise iraqis for turn out in large number to vote in saturday 's constitutional referendum "" despite the threat of insurgent violence . hezbollah and other lebanese faction have allege that israeli spy be throughout lebanon 's telecommunication sector . the israeli force be search for explosive along the border "" after discover four bomb there monday . "
spam	" they ' ve get a very sound domestic business which be do very well , we remain positive on the stock ,  say roe . "" an official of another newspaper "" tell voa 's persian service he be tell by a staffer aboard the plane that passenger be wait on a runway for a replacement pilot . he say letter be send to the hamas lawmaker give them 30 day to resign or risk be expel . while on her asia tour "" ms. rice say the european government would be act if they sell weapon to china that may be use against u.s. force in the pacific . pakistani official say unknown gunman have open fire on a bus carry the sri lankan cricket team "" kill at least five police officer and wound six sri lankan player . "
spam	"turkish cypriot vote last year in favor of a u.n. reunification plan "" but greek cypriot reject it . when they return "" the officer tell us the performance be cancel . the policeman take the report call the phone and tell the guy that answer that he have read the ad in the newspaper and want to buy the car . hop for a longer engagement on the cement at flush meadows be the sixth - seed huber of germany and 12th seed maleeva of bulgaria . the impasse have delay formation of the new government . "
spam	"all of the follow us pacific island territory except midway atoll constitute the pacific remote island national wildlife refuge ( nwr ) complex and as such be manage by the fish and wildlife service of the us department of the interior . pakistan first inning 521 - 8 declare ( saeed anwar 176 , meanwhile "" thousand of jewish settler and their right - wing supporter be protest for a second straight day in southern israel against the mid - august gaza evacuation . dole say former first lady nancy reagan be laugh at with her "" just say no "" anti - drug message . "" another 18 people have be kill in the southern city of juba "" mr. garang 's home base . "
spam	"russian deputy prosecutor general alexander say the document include witness interview "" photograph and other datum from the crash in western russia . 11 . david coulthard ( britain ) mclaren 37 lap complete thursday 's meet on the vice presidential transition follow talk monday between president george bush and president - elect obama . local police say at least one home be destroy in village during the incident . soccer match play on saturday : "
spam	" the japanese have never apologise for their wartime crime ,  the commentary say . the u.s. military say afghan police kill a senior militant commander this week in the central province of ghazni . already the poor country in the western hemisphere with 80 % of the population live under the poverty line and 54 % in poverty "" the damage to port - au - prince cause the country 's gdp to contract an estimate 5.1 % in 2010 . lagos 1996 - 08 - 23 judith wiesner ( austria ) beat 5 - iva majoli ( croatia ) 2 - 6 6 - 3 6- 1 "
spam	"but they say the new leadership among terror group be difficult to target as they and into multiple society . be the leader of icy to the press ? a brazilian journalist claim chris martin be so that he feel sorry for his wife "" actress gwyneth . but official say at least several million dollar have be return to the bank . -docstart- the judge have say he will hand the case to the jury friday "" after the pop star 's defense team make its close argument . "
spam	"he criticize washington for include lebanon 's hezbollah on its list of terrorist organization "" say the group be single out by the united state because of its opposition to israel . high energy price spark by hurricane also help to depress one measure of consumer spending by about one percent - the steep drop since the terror attack in 2001 . public rally in against president salih - inspire by similar demonstration in tunisia and egypt - slowly build momentum start in late january 2011 fuel by complaint over high unemployment "" poor economic condition "" and corruption . president roh moo - hyun 's cabinet endorse the withdrawal of "" 1 troop during the first half of next year . palestinian leader mahmoud abbas have accept the resignation of his top west bank security chief "" a sign that mr. abbas be respond to complaint about grow chaos among his security force . "
spam	"earlier this week "" a - old woman live on the island of bali die of the disease "" become the resort island 's first know human fatality from the often - deadly h5n1 strain of the virus . karol kucera ( slovakia ) beat 1 - michael chang ( u.s. ) 6 - 4 6 - 4 prosecutor argue during his trial that kanyarukiga order the of the church with the tutsis inside . the provisional election commission will consider the possible postponement of municipal election only ... interior ministry official say the rocket land in an open area "" several kilometer from a high security zone where the meet be be hold . "
spam	"4 1 2 1 6 5 5 news corp say strong performance in u.s. television and british newspaper be offset by low profit from news corp 's magazine and publishing division and further hefty loss from its asian star tv operation . first lieutenant greg tell the president that iraqi troop have take the lead in security preparation for the vote . top be a senior member of jemaah "" an islamist militant group see as the southeast asian arm of al - qaida . the administration also confirm thursday that president bush phone mr. musharraf on tuesday "" a day after his party 's sweep defeat in parliamentary election . "
spam	"official have create a system of military commission to prosecute case against suspect at guantanamo bay . pakistani official say 10 to 15 gunman begin shoot at the depot "" just 10 kilometer from islamabad "" early wednesday before set about 60 container on fire . former chilean dictator augusto pinochet have be indict on human right charge and place under house arrest . robert casey , a opponent of abortion , from speak . four year of fight in darfur have leave more than "" 2 people dead and more than two million displace . "
spam	"we think it 'll work really well . "" but they be cut off by the speaker of parliament "" mahmoud al - mashhadani "" who say he have not see the proposal . he will be the first european leader to meet with mr. obama since the president take office in january . speak to reporter wednesday in tehran "" kamal kharrazi say iran have always seek a short - term suspension of its uranium enrichment activity "" but britain "" france and germany be press for a permanent one . dutch coach guus hiddink call in feyenoord midfielder van and vitesse defender vierklau for cocu and veldman , but do not name a replacement for midfielder witschge . "
spam	"thousand of people seek medical care crowd into the city 's handful of state - run hospital "" friday . "" this squad be currently the basis of my plan for the 1998 world cup , "" vogts say . "" an iraqi foreign ministry statement today say it hop that the gesture would help ease tension and facilitate dialogue between the u.s. and iran . on thursday "" red cross official say that after several discussion with the pentagon about the allegation "" the complaint cease . "" america want to block the establishment of a strong islamic government in afghanistan and the u.s. intend to the afghan peace process initiate by the afghans themselves , "" say the spokesman , hamid . "
spam	"during their meet "" the leader be also to discuss the sell of brazilian aircraft to venezuela 's military . gunman seize penrose , who come from in southern england , frenchman frederic and six other hostage from their car in grozny , the capital of chechnya , on july 27 . burns make the comment follow talk with indian foreign secretary saran in new delhi wednesday . revenue decline 8 % to $ million "" from $ million a year earlier . pakistan have thousand of troop deploy in the region to hunt for al - qaida and taleban fighter . "
spam	"russian president dmitry medvedev and his venezuelan counterpart "" hugo chavez "" attend the sign ceremony friday in the russian city of . dealer say share be also affect by a in bond price due to low than expect june industrial production , show the economy be still falter . xinhua say that during the forum "" the chinese leader meet with the chairman of taiwan 's main opposition party "" lien chan . a man come into a wood one day with an axe in his hand "" and beg all the tree to give him a small branch which he want for a particular purpose . 4 . sven teutenberg ( germany ) us postal "
spam	"last sale : $ ( ) % ; ; % 1 . sorensen hamas refuse to recognize israel "" and have vow to undermine palestinian leader mahmoud abbas 's effort to make peace with the jewish state . plant in late summer and early , the grain be ukraine 's large export item and traditionally grow good than summer wheat in ukraine 's soil . he be involve in the investigation of last year 's kill of former prime minister rafik hariri . "
spam	"suspect leftist rebel in colombia have kill at least a dozen coca grower in the northwestern part of the country . brad delp be find dead march 9 "" at his home in the northeastern state of new hampshire . 1 . de ( italy ) nathalie dechy of france defeat anabel medina garrigue in straight set "" 06-mar "" 06-jan . the australian face the winner of the day 's second semifinal between world number one roger federer and russian safin . "
spam	"in london at mid - afternoon yesterday "" ratner 's share be up 2 pence ( cent ) "" at 260 pence ( $ ) . president rodriguez say he authorize the missile ' destruction "" but not their transfer to the united state . nigeria be under fire from many western country for human right abuse and lack of democracy . during the civil war a patriot be pass through the state of maryland with a pass from the president to join grant 's army and see the fight . several week of mass protest in april 2006 be follow by several month of peace negotiation between the maoist and government official "" and culminate in a november 2006 peace accord and the of an interim constitution . "
spam	"1 0 michael say at a balkans energy conference in sofia monday that close the reactor be part of bulgaria 's membership agreement with the eu . president reagan appoint him chief justice 14 year later "" in 1986 . the global financial crisis be weaken demand for cambodian export "" and construction be decline due to a shortage of credit . google executive have defend the decision "" acknowledge the restriction be with the company 's policy "" but say they be a sacrifice to reach more user . "
spam	"-docstart- mr. bush "" spending the weekend at the presidential retreat "" camp david "" in maryland "" do not indicate what change he be consider for his team . "" who play a teen under house arrest who suspect a neighbor of murder "" be also on the upswing . mr. tsang be expect to win the july vote . the u.n. food and agriculture organization say burma 's response to the outbreak have be "" quick and effective . "" "
spam	"researcher believe wild bird from the region may have carry bird flu along migratory path to europe . villepin say he believe a timetable for the withdrawal of all foreign troop be need to allow iraqis to feel their future be in their own hand and to put them back on the path of national sovereignty . mr. harper arrive at kandahar air base sunday in a canadian military aircraft . mr. bush be schedule to attend an annual summit between the european union and the united state "" be hold this year on june 10 in slovenia . for million "" no treatment work . "
spam	"pickens have endorse neither obama nor republican candidate john mccain . iraqi police say a suicide car bombing at a police training center in the southern city of have kill at least one policeman and wound more than 20 other people . he make the comment after hold talk with iraqi prime minister nouri al - maliki in najaf . official say they suspect the virus could be the deadly h5n1 strain and test be underway on sample from the bird . fidel castro "" 84 "" step down as president of cuba in 2006 "" but remain head of the communist party . "
spam	"olympic sprint championship ( three - man team ) : deficit / surplus may - - - - - nagin 's announcement follow public consultation on rebuild proposal make by an advisory commission in january . security official also be on high alert follow the launch this week of a major u.s. offensive against taliban militant in neighboring afghanistan . yeltsin 's spokesman say he may meet official during his break , but indicate lebed be low on the list by say yeltsin would ne time to study the proposal before talk to him . "
spam	"witness say at least 15 people have be kill in two day of ongoing clash between rival islamist group in central somalia . about 500 prisoner be hold at guantanamo "" most of them capture in afghanistan on suspicion of tie to the taleban or al - qaida . the vice president later return to the white house to resume his schedule . the afghan islamic press also quote mr. hakimi as say the taleban will never stop fight as long as u.s. troop remain in afghanistan . forecaster say the center of the storm could reach mainland nicaragua by sunday . "
spam	"in september 1995 "" france stir up widespread protest by resume nuclear test on the atoll after a three - year moratorium . a series of subsequent civil war see kabul finally fall in 1996 to the taliban "" a hardline pakistani - sponsor movement that emerge in 1994 to end the country 's civil war and . earlier "" price go as low as $ . most , include former president f.w. de klerk and african national congress deputy president thabo mbeki , offer apology for any mistake they have make and accept broad responsibility for the action of their foot soldier . hansa rostock bring cologne 's 100 percent record to an end with a 2 - 0 win over the club while a sean dundee hat - trick inside seven minute stand out in karlsruhe 's 4 - 0 demolition of st pauli . "
spam	"5 - 0 - 24 - 0 . sharapova be trail "" 06-apr "" 02-jan "" when she pull out because of an injury to her right muscle . -docstart- an islamist web site monday say al - qaida leader osama bin laden soon will release a new message aim at europeans . an iraqi police spokesman say the man "" along with several other "" be detain after two early morning raid sunday in a town south of baghdad . "
spam	"earlier on friday "" the commander of the peacekeeper "" steve "" say officer have detain 62 people for question in an attack on one of the australian police officer last week . , inc. , say it win $ 1 million of claire , . baseball - major league standing after saturday be games . iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei have formally endorse mahmoud ahmadinejad as the country 's next president . local authority say cattle from the tribe attack the tribe late monday . "
spam	"high on thursday 's nato agenda will be expansion of the alliance 's peacekeeping operation in afghanistan and a training mission for iraqi officer be set in baghdad . peace talk finally result in a comprehensive peace agreement "" sign in january 2005 . mr. bush also say action be need to prevent a long "" and painful recession . president attend the open of the saturday "" in the country 's southern mountain near armenia 's border with iran . medical personnel in the stricken city of new orleans be try to continue to aid patient amid deplete supply and deteriorate condition . "
spam	the coordinate attack produce the bad death toll ever from terrorism in spain . police in brussels have clash with several hundred demonstrator protest president bush 's visit to the belgian capital . cia director porter goss ' choice for the post of executive director of the intelligence agency have decline the appointment after account be publish about his resignation from the cia two decade ago . it say craig hold have also join the company as executive vice president and chief marketing officer . nancy 3 0 1 2 2 5 1 
spam	"health expert fear it will mutate into a form that could be easily spread among human "" trigger a global pandemic . witness say soldier arrest sheikh abdul "" the region 's top sunni muslim cleric . mickelson 's victory give him a 10 year to the tour . since mr. anderson 's kill last year "" venezuelan police have arrest at least two other suspect "" while two other be kill in a gunfight with police . chemlon humenne 0 1 "
spam	"of austria be third ( ) . she be a central figure in last year 's massive protest in kiev against a flawed november presidential run - off vote . so far "" the conflict have claim more than "" 10 life . he have also call the holocaust a myth . in other development "" lebanon 's main opposition leader walid jumblatt say he have no current plan to press for disarmament of the militant group hezbollah . "
spam	"the invasion to fight militant quickly oust the hardline taliban government . the organization 's executive director "" jose luis "" say project figure for this year show the low poverty rate since the early 1980 "" but he caution that two year of growth will not solve the region 's problem . the proposal would require a change in indonesian law "" which say party must have representation in at least half of the country 's 32 province . the russian company have demand $ 600 million in back payment "" as well as for a payment plan for the rest of the year . flight from moscow 's second airport "" "" be operate "" but traveler experience delay . "
spam	"yeltsin have tell kohl about effort to find a political solution to the conflict in russia 's breakaway chechnya region , interfax add . the cost of export good could still be a for barter dealer , but volkova say the authority be currently "" tackle the of the issue "" . -docstart- ten people be kill and 40 wound in saturday 's clash . he be airlift to france after be ill for about two week . "
spam	"dutch post and telecom group koninklijke nv 's ( dutch ) first half result come below most analyst ' forecast , give ground to adjust full year estimate , analyst say on friday . the list measure both the star ' earning and their influence within their respective field . other report to be consider leave include secretary of state colin powell and homeland security chief tom ridge . some dissident say the blast be carry out by government - link group to justify tight security . it be expect to cost $ 1 trillion over 10 year . "
spam	"authority say commander victor die tuesday when gunman attack the vehicle in which he be travel . the exact date of the attack be unclear . he quit the government in 1998 "" but return in 2000 and serve as prime minister until quit again in late 2004 "" after lebanon 's pro - syrian parliament vote to extend the term of pro - syrian president and political rival emile lahoud . in it "" washington burma "" as well as country include north korea "" china and russia "" as some of the world 's bad human right offender . pro forma net income "
spam	"he say an infection have sweep through the team that win the world championship last year . he say that his newly announce economic team be work hard to confront an economic crisis of historic proportion . , with germany 's euro ' 96 hero oliver in their lineup , complete the hat - trick of beat serie a side when they go under 2 - 1 to newly relegate . for sunday 's belgian grand prix motor race after final russia have cite the importance of relation with the united state "" but express some concern a day after president bush criticize democracy in russia . "
spam	"french singer henri salvador "" who perform with and be credit with inspire the bossa nova "" die in paris wednesday "" at the age of 90 . : sussex - 6 ( w. 111 ) v lancashire china be defend its record of report human case of bird flu follow a newspaper report that local health official may be hide suspect case . beijing break off military - to - military contact after the obama administration notify congress in january of a plan to sell taiwan up to $ 6.4 billion worth of arm . mr. putin and mr. chavez sign an agreement announce venezuela 's support of russia 's bid to join the world trade organization . "
spam	"the risk of a shrink economy be one of many thing that top official from the u.s. central bank "" know as the federal reserve "" be consider as they decide whether to cut interest rate to boost the economy . pro - government lawmaker in venezuela have appoint 17 new judge to the supreme court "" strengthen the administration of president hugo chavez . hundred more be list as miss . the wwf say in a new report that annual fishing quota for the bluefin be exceed by more than 40 percent . king tell , chairman of the tibetan government , that nepal would not "" become a tool for other to split tibet "" , the newspaper say . "
spam	"call her his political partner "" mr. yushchenko say she can be trust to organize a new government . attendance : 5,000 king gyanendra say he make the power grab in order to subdue increasingly violent maoist rebel . the five - day visit will include stop in the united arab emirate "" oman and qatar . lieutenant - general david richards tell bbc thursday that the international community "" take their eye off this ball and a vacuum be allow to develop "" in afghanistan . "
spam	"be the former chief executive of - bp and will travel to moscow with outgoing bp chief tony . to the all be as part of his plea - bargain "" he be expect to cooperate with federal investigator "" mean he could provide name of u.s. congressman with whom he have illegal dealing . the senate have include $ million for the embassy "" but the house have not . the result release thursday also show that sunni arab tribal leader who rise up against insurgent win the most seat in the western province of anbar . "
spam	"he have have a problem with his for some time "" force him to miss two pre - season game . a top democratic lawmaker have call on president bush to fill the new vacancy on the supreme court with a moderate "" mainstream justice . south korean police detain a group of anti - japanese protester in seoul friday after stop their attempt to hold a mock funeral for japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi . in the other incident "" a female suicide bomber blow herself up at a hospital near the western town of fallujah in anbar province "" kill three people . the big stumble block be the united state "" which reject the kyoto protocol on cut "" greenhouse "" "" or heat - trap "" emission . "
spam	"in a new year 's message "" mrs. kumaratunga ask her country to unite - without regard to ethnicity "" religion or class - to face the stagger destruction from sunday 's tsunami . last month "" the u.s. house of representative pass a measure call for the construction of security fence along the southern u.s. border with mexico in an effort to curb illegal border - cross . add hapoel v constructorul chisinau the hollywood movie studio that produce well - know film like the james bond series and "" the of oz "" have file for bankruptcy . and "" in a remote district "" a rocket strike the tower of a telephone exchange "" cut phone line to thousand of customer . "
spam	"standing after game play on wednesday ( tabulate under - the united state have be pressure iraqi politician to form a new government "" which washington believe will help stem the violence . the doctor say the terrorist be bleed heavily when treat and leave despite recommendation that he remain under hospital care . for bombay baker make the march 1995 trip on the understand that it remain a secret , but after his speech at the convention , israel 's outgoing ambassador itamar rabinovich tell a reporter about it , the post say . "
spam	 we have a suitable exchange rate . leslie but his current career only come about when fate intervene in his life . iran 's news agency quote tehran police chief general hossein as say that police will confront any illegal gather . tokyo 1996 - 08 - 26 
spam	"they be the second group of shi'ite pilgrim target monday . adelaide 21 8 0 13 32 will still compete in single luge but will not compete in the turin winter games . he add that u.s. comment just day before mr. ahmadinejad take office stem from what he term "" u.s. with iran 's independent policy . "" he commend special counsel patrick fitzgerald for his "" and courage . "
spam	"turkish cypriot have vote sunday to elect their first new president in more than 20 year . the company say it expect demand for the device to exceed supply in the come week . be run as an independent in sunday 's election . alan ( australia ) , mark roe , emanuele canonica ( italy ) "
spam	"wimbledon bad boy jeff tarango catch a break monday when he advanced after the retirement of german alex radulescu due to heat exhaustion . chinese state medium say an explosion at a chemical plant in eastern china have kill at least 14 people and injure 30 other . u.s. troop in fallujah have find a safe house which they say contain evidence link to want militant abu musab al - zarqawi . million of americans be gather with family and friend thursday "" to reflect on their blessing for the thanksgiving holiday . the law say china will employ "" non - peaceful mean "" to prevent taiwan 's independence if effort at peaceful reunification fail . "
spam	emergency worker be search for people trap in their home without food or power . clinton tell reporter at the united nation wednesday that the u.s. government still will use sanction against burma to try to influence its government . mr. morales be the country 's first indigenous president . the resolution also empower the new u.n. special envoy in afghanistan - norwegian diplomat kai eide - to directly coordinate support provide by international donor to the afghan government . chamber serve a two - year dope ban between 2003 and 2005 and appeal to london 's high court for an injunction against the british olympic association 's ban for drug cheat . 
spam	"mr. ahmadinejad be speak wednesday in tehran to thousand of student gather at a conference title "" the world without zionism . "" petr korda ( czech republic ) beat david caldwell ( u.s. ) 6 - 3 3 - 6 6 - 3 7 - 5 the attack have raise tension between india and neighboring pakistan "" both nuclear - arm country that have fight three war . the statement say fight erupt after afghan and u.s. troop back by plane and helicopter gunship attack enemy position "" drop 11 bomb . indicators - hungary - updated aug 22 . "
spam	"a statement release by the coalition friday say the clash happen thursday in helmand province . mr. surayud have vow to unite the country . the delegation member tell reporter they be meet at the airport by zimbabwean official who turn the group back . meanwhile "" french official report find bird flu in a dead wild bird on the mediterranean coast . the bakool region border ethiopia "" which have thousand of troop in somalia support the country 's u.n .- back administration lead by president abdullahi yusuf . "
spam	"he deny plan the government - sponsor kill of some "" 8 minority tutsis and their hutu sympathizer . the standard of live be relatively high . 6 . jans koert ( netherlands ) palmans mukasey announce the justice department investigation wednesday "" appoint federal prosecutor john durham to lead the inquiry . the country remain the poor in the former soviet sphere . "
spam	"press right group reporter without border have call for the man 's release . r. kaluwitharana b tendulkar 53 division one a u.n. statement issue tuesday say the fund will come from canada "" the european union and the united state . he call on the the united nation security council to act or face endanger an important world body . "
spam	mr. powell say sudan 's future and its relationship with the united state rely on achieve peace throughout the entire nation . u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton say it will be up to her daughter chelsea whether to accept a kenyan man 's offer of livestock in return for chelsea 's hand in marriage . monday the u.s. commerce department say it have begin an investigation into whether a recent surge in chinese textile import be disrupt the u.s. market . official in japan say the death toll from a typhoon that sweep across the island - nation now stand at 75 . japan announce its pledge tuesday at the begin of a two - day international conference in tokyo on afghan reconstruction aid . 
spam	"a state department spokesman say the united state have raise the issue with russia on several occasion . he call for research on hybrid automobile "" and invest in new method of produce . anthony lovato and his brother matt form m in 1995 . the three - month trial have focus attention on south africa 's high incidence of rape and h.i.v. infection . in the night 's only other match , hamburg beat hansa rostock 1 - 0 , karsten baeron score the winner after some dazzle build - up from in - form midfielder harald . "
spam	"the letter be sign by some 200 area resident and indigenous leader . third and final test between england and pakistan at the oval on the european union impose the embargo in 1989 after china 's violent crackdown on pro - democracy demonstration in beijing 's tiananmen square . president kuchma also fire policy minister viktor and regional administration head . ( n. 86 , m. 64 ; d. gough 4 - 53 ) and 210 - 5 "
spam	"he ( mind games ) be go as well as any of them one and a half ( 300 metre ) out but he just do n't quicken . "" about 1 billion people worldwide the catholic faith . botham dash back to portsmouth and take the field as the over begin . -docstart- the conflict kill more than "" 1 palestinians and 13 israelis . "
spam	"on tuesday "" mr. zapatero "" mr. chavez and leader of brazil and colombia hold a one - day summit in puerto "" venezuela to discuss trade "" political alliance and terrorism . authority say the explosive be bind for palestinians in the gaza strip . assailant with grenade and automatic weapon attack a wedding party in southeastern turkey "" kill 45 people and wound at least six other . a shi'ite militant group in iraq have release a video of a man it apparently kidnap "" and who appear to be a u.s. contractor who disappear last month . there be no immediate comment from israel . "
spam	"mr. micheletti have be under intense international pressure to restore mr. zelaya "" since he be remove from power in a june 28 coup . on sunday "" the turkish military shell a kurdish rebel stronghold in northern iraq . swiss announce wednesday that its own earning will be hurt by the recent string of storm to hit the u.s. gulf coast . one victim remain unidentified . voter in nepal have begin cast ballot in the country 's first nationwide municipal election in seven year . "
spam	"st pauli 4 schalke 4 standing in the french soccer "" i ' m stand at a police barricade about 200 meter from benazir bhutto 's private residence in islamabad . the military say one soldier be also wound in the explosion that hit their combat patrol in the town of balad "" north of baghdad "" late wednesday . president bush will pay tribute at a memorial day ceremony later monday at arlington national cemetery to member of america 's military who die in combat . "
spam	"mr. chavez speak sunday "" a day after mr. uribe offer to discuss the issue with him . swansea 3 1 0 2 3 7 3 london 1996 - 08 - 25 the new security strategy say russia view any expansion of nato to its neighboring country to be "" unacceptable . "" brazilians have reject a proposal to ban all gun sale in the country . "
spam	"venezuela respond by send troop to the colombian border . rallying - makinen step up title bid with lakes win . they say the new party "" the advanced congress of democrats "" will allow mr. abubakar to contest next year 's presidential election and help rally opponent of the president . zardari say "" in an interview with the british broadcast corporation "" that the new coalition government do not have the two - third majority in parliament necessary to impeach the president . official say the blast occur in central baghdad . "
spam	"it be the first time a russian president have visit the kingdom "" a traditional ally of the united state . the political opposition in belarus be fragmented and mr. lukashenko 's government maintain tight control over the medium . the need to beat kazakhstan and erase a huge margin while hop the united state would lose against russia later in the day . conte , an army general , survive a february army pay revolt which at the time he describe as a veiled attempt to topple him . hong kong police regularly catch hundred of illegal immigrant and people who have their visa from mainland china and send them back . "
spam	"and the u.s. military say an american soldier be kill in a baghdad operation wednesday . mr. erkinbayev be one of the candidate . world health organization representative doctor say wednesday two other have be diagnose with ebola in the northwestern region of congo "" near the border with gabon . oil buyer be apparently reassure when washington help insurance giant aig and take other action to calm the market . he also accuse britain of "" steal "" the falkland island from argentina "" and call on mr. blair to give them back . "
spam	"the newspaper also say the departure come as his brother "" saudi foreign minister prince saud al - faisal "" be in ill health "" note rumor that prince turki could be a possible replacement for prince saud . a second round will be call in two week if no candidate win more than 50 percent of the vote . describe as quiet and private "" akerson be expect to become the face of gm in an industry where the ceo be often require to be the big salesman . the other kidnapping victim be an american . ramadi "" locate 110 kilometer west of baghdad "" have be a stronghold of insurgent fight u.s. and iraqi security force . "
spam	" i be very nervous before the start but then i be by the speed of my ride ,  boardman say . "" mr. yanukovych allege there be thousand of election violation and be refuse to concede defeat to his rival "" opposition leader viktor yushchenko . shadab kabir 2 4 0 87 35 the 15 survivor who have be on board the russian - make helicopter be take to hospital from the remote jungle crash site about 150 km ( 90 mile ) north of phnom penh , information minister ieng say . another suicide truck bomber strike the northern city of mosul "" kill two people . "
spam	"the ministry say the goal of the exercise be to "" deepen sino - russian trust "" and improve their capability to fight international terrorism . -docstart- he call them to his bedside and say "" "" my son "" there be a great treasure hide in one of my . "" afterward "" mr. bush be to visit brazil on november 5 and 6 at the invitation of president luiz inacio lula da silva . it be administer by a u.n. representative appoint by the security council . "
spam	"5 . gabriel - juan ( argentine ) 15 iraqi police say a suicide truck bomber have kill at least 15 people and wound more than 20 at a police station in northern iraq . pakistani official say security force have kill at least 23 militant in fight that take place during a search operation in the country 's northwest . genoa appeal after their defeat last saturday on the ground that striker jonathan , who come on in the minute with his team lead 2 - 0 , still have a one - match suspension to serve from last season . authority say that be drive up demand "" especially in the hard - hit state of georgia "" tennessee and north carolina . "
spam	"many of those kill die when shell land in the city 's busy bakara market . seventy eight - year - old , a bosnian croat who have spend the last five year in , tell reuters she have cast her ballot because she 'd be tell to by the camp authority but have no idea who she vote for . thai authority say the late victim of the h5n1 virus die thursday in the central province of thani "" after bury a sick chicken . prime minister romano prodi say tuesday that his government will use italy 's new seat in the u.n. security council to push for a "" universal moratorium "" on capital punishment . source say hamas leader khaled meshaal and islamic jihad leader ramadan shallah both meet with egyptian negotiator . "
spam	"netanyahu and levy 's spokesman say they could not confirm it . the church in australia say on monday lynch , batchelor , barton and riel be hold in a prison until the weekend , when they be move to join the other captive at the compound . in other news "" u.s .- lead coalition force and afghan troop arrest four man and seize weapon in a raid on a compound in jalalabad in the eastern province of nangarhar . datum on topsoil moisture rating be not release by the texas agricultural statistic service . prosecutor say his victim of $ 3.8 million . "
spam	"german chancellor angela merkel say the situation be "" serious "" as bird flu reach the german mainland for the first time . authority saturday say four assailant on friday gun down raul guerrero "" director of the la opinion newspaper "" while he be drive his vehicle in northern veracruz . the market be drive by investor optimism about corporate earning after strong earning report from soft - drink giant coca - cola and the two large u.s. provider of phone service "" at&t and verizon . the treasury department say the new review will be conduct by the same panel of national security agency involve in the initial study . world bank president paul wolfowitz be in islamabad "" where he meet with president pervez musharraf and praise pakistan 's economic and banking sector reform . "
spam	"the wall street journal report late friday the u.s. have ask pakistan in recent week to allow more cia officer and special operation military trainer into the country to participate in washington 's effort step up pressure on militant . follow riot in the capital male in august 2004 "" the president and his government pledge to embark upon democratic reform include a more representative political system and expand political freedom . bosnian authority say forensic expert have exhume more than 120 body from a mass grave near the town of zvornik . also include in monday 's cabinet reshuffle be the minister of defense "" economy "" health "" social affair and labor . a spokeswoman for israeli prime minister ehud olmert tuesday also criticize syria for pro - hezbollah statement make by its foreign minister "" walid during the month - long israel - hezbollah war . "
spam	"the letter contain what benedict call a "" special apostolic blessing "" to the cleric . the plo want east jerusalem as the capital of a future palestinian state . the government have take measure to curb violent crime "" and recently adopt a fiscal reform package aim at reduce the large gray economy and attract foreign investment . some of the late secret u.s. cable release by wikileaks say saudi arabia propose deploy an arab military force back by the u.n. "" u.s. and nato to crush hezbollah force in lebanon . u.s. vice president dick cheney accidentally shoot and wound a fellow hunter while hunt quail in southern texas . "
spam	"reverse a previous denial of the incident "" chad 's information minister moussa say tuesday that chadian troop have cross the border to pursue rebel they have be fight in eastern chad . but lebed , who have no real power without his boss and have hint at dark force in moscow work against him , appear to think a deal will not stick without strong back from yeltsin . they be give 900 a day of dry garlic powder or tablet . "" top iranian negotiator ali larijani speak tuesday in vienna "" on the sideline of an emergency session of the international atomic energy agency . a u.s. military spokesman "" colonel jim "" say the cause of the crash be under investigation "" and that troop be at the scene provide security for recovery operation . "
spam	"on wednesday a in the west bank town of ramallah say police about a month ago confiscate several copy of two of say 's book on the israel - plo self - rule deal . israeli troop also kill a 13-year - old boy during an incident at askar camp . opposition supporter call their trial politically motivated because of khodorkovsky 's back of opposition politician - charge kremlin authority deny . black - and in helmand province "" a muslim cleric be wound by unidentified gunman rid a motorcycle . "
spam	"during the late 1980 and early 1990 "" the economy be crippled by a continuous siphon off of petroleum revenue by the amir "" who have rule the country since 1972 . st 0 st johnstone 3 in 1949 "" costa rica dissolve its armed force . mohammed abdul be shoot in the shoulder when about 250 police officer burst into his home before dawn on june 2 . ( australia ) , david gilford , cage , mike clayton "
spam	"elsewhere "" at least six iraqi police be kill and more than 20 other wound thursday in a suicide car bombing on baghdad 's airport road . u.s. defense secretary donald rumsfeld tell pentagon worker friday that iraq have make remarkable change since u.s .- lead force invade the country to topple saddam hussein . rule by the al thani family since the "" qatar transform itself from a poor british protectorate note mainly for pearl into an independent state with significant oil and natural gas revenue . on monday "" the togolese parliament restore the original provision call for election within 60 day when a president die - but decide to keep mr. gnassingbe as interim president . official from the world health organization say they fear yemen could be face a major polio epidemic "" after confirm 83 case of the disease . "
spam	"fifty - one people be believe to have kill in a fiery bus crash in china 's mountainous southwest . on monday "" an egyptian appeal court uphold a low court decision last month to sentence blogger abdel karim suleiman to four year in prison - three for insult islam and one for insult president hosni mubarak . voa 's mil arcega report . joyful relative greet the man - christian chesnot and georges malbrunot - upon their arrival at an air base outside paris wednesday . judith wiesner ( austria ) beat debbie graham ( u.s. ) 6 - 2 7 - 5 "
spam	"u.s. assistant secretary of state for south asia richard arrive in the pakistani capital "" islamabad "" wednesday for two day of meeting . for independence in the decade follow world war i be finally successful in get the french to recognize tunisia as an independent state in 1956 . but opposition official say the amendment include restrictive measure that will prevent a credible challenge to president hosni mubarak if he decide to seek another term . beijing have call on seoul to stop south korean missionary from travel to china , a south korean embassy spokesman say on tuesday . he say the victim be shoot "" stab or burn to death . "
spam	"german chancellor angela merkel take part in commemoration at the tomb of poland 's unknown soldier . a number of e - mail ask about russia "" its process "" and its role in european union politic . he have previously be fin and jail for his work . she have play groenefeld once before - earlier this year in stanford "" california - and beat the german player in straight set . the olympic be the only major global figure skating competition where both partner must be from the same nation . "
spam	"sept bond up 12 at . pro forma : gdp grow 4.8 % in 2010 "" in part "" on the strength of renew export growth . willem ii tilburg 0 fortuna sittard 1 eager to put lauck behind bar quickly and avoid a long and complex trial , prosecutor bernd limited his charge to offence since 1994 . "
spam	"gloucestershire 280 and ( j. russell 57 , m. lynch 50 ; analyst say investor be still nervous follow last week 's worldwide plunge "" despite president 's bush 's plan to revitalize the slow u.s. economy with tax rebate . he be later release "" but prosecutor say he may face charge of for allegedly shove a police officer and damage a picture of president alexander lukashenko . repeat military coup during the 1970 and 1980 be follow by multiparty election in the early 1990 . a top judicial official and critic of president ernesto samper accuse the government of on wednesday over effort to lift colombia 's five - year - old ban on extradition . "
spam	"fan burn the hollywood actor in effigy april 16 "" after he repeatedly kiss movie actress shilpa shetty during an aids awareness event in new delhi . american skier bode miller have capture the vancouver olympic gold medal in the man 's super - combine event "" which combine one downhill run with one slalom run . during a televise speech sunday "" mr. chavez call on president uribe to put his defense minister in his place . a tank shell hit her home near the jabaliya refugee camp in northern gaza . hundred of riot police surround about 30 demonstrator who carry an empty coffin and mr. koizumi 's picture to a park near the japanese embassy for the funeral . "
spam	"at least people have be kill and many other be miss in latin america after several day of heavy rain "" mudslide and flood from the storm "" which come ashore tuesday on mexico 's eastern gulf coast . he face up to 10 year in prison for his public denial "" which be illegal in austria . the bad weather also force former president george bush "" the father of the current president "" to postpone a flight to the regional capital "" muzaffarabad . he spend time in south africa and botswana before enter zambia in early july . the vice president say he believe there be only a few school that could be consider possible breed ground for terrorist "" but he decline to name them . "
spam	"astronaut and hans instal a tank on the outpost . he say india 's recent approval of the gas pipeline have create an encourage atmosphere for push ahead this highly important project . the official say brunei "" malaysia "" the philippine "" singapore "" and thailand have agree to participate in the observer mission . no government soldier be injure . norwegian negotiator erik say the recent surge in violence have put sri lanka 's truce at risk . "
spam	"the explosion severely damage the build "" kill and wound policeman "" prisoner and civilian . in san francisco , pedro martinez allow two hit in eight inning and david drive in two run as the montreal expos shut out the san francisco giant 3 - 0 for their third straight win . israel have neither confirm nor deny have a role . the government - own al - al - say the smuggler be catch in in the eastern state of , on the border with eritrea , and have confess they be on their way to "" the so - call alliance force which have be undertake operation on the eastern border "" . there be precedent for the direct assignment . "
spam	"2 1 ask what india would do if the pact be forward to the united nation general assembly , gujral say : "" that bridge i will cross when i come to it . "" "" the shell be too hard "" "" say the eagle in reply . deny any wrongdoing . "" i lose the moment , "" lament basuki , who have reach the fourth round at wimbledon four time and be a semifinalist in montreal earlier this month . "
spam	"french police place four people four youth under investigation in connection with a bus attack saturday in marseille that leave a passenger in critical condition . no other detail be immediately available . in another "" the fbi report that an unnamed individual see iraqi civilian detainee be beat and strangle . montpelli 0 cannes 1 ( 8th ) . in 1999 / 2000 "" ecuador suffer a severe economic crisis "" with gdp contract by 5.3 % . "
spam	"wang say the water be still dangerous because it have be sit in pipe and may be contaminate from the benzene spill . result : england win by five wicket . since thursday "" gunfight and arson attack by gang member have kill at least 18 people . mercosur account for $ 1 trillion in annual economic activity and include 250 million people . appear in a video in august plead for his freedom and say his health be deteriorate . "
spam	"speak sunday in tehran "" mr. ahmadinejad say his word be the same one use by the late ayatollah nearly 27 year ago . the national party rule for the first two decade . official in seoul say the man return to north korea in april "" then come back to the south a month later "" where he surrender to authority . kyrgyzstan become a soviet republic in and achieve independence in 1991 when the ussr dissolve . boraine say the picture be incomplete because officer of the apartheid - era security force have yet to make their schedule , separate submission , but one black caller to a radio talk show declare : "
spam	"analyst have on average expect a pre - abnormal profit of a$ billion . kocinski lead for the early lap before he be pass first by aoki , who record the fast lap of kph , and then by takeda . no additional information have be give by either government . the election come after an angry campaign full of insult by both side . local official say the bus be carry pilgrim to a holy site when it skid off a mountain road some 165 kilometer north of jammu and plunge into a deep ravine . "
spam	"as a result "" upjohn will likely only about 275 to 350 of its more than "" 21 job world - wide . rice option volume be estimate at 50 contract , down from 56 friday . aggregate 3 - 3 . federal police say friday that embassy from three african and two middle eastern country be allegedly part of the ring . and his wife , , both 50 year old , be seize late on saturday or early on sunday from a tree plantation they manage by at least two heavily armed man who take the two off in their own car , leave behind a ransom note demand $ 1.5 million . "
spam	"all 53 people on board and one on the ground be kill . nist scientist develop a device that turn computer document and electronic message into for the sight - . carroll be a journalist for the u.s. base christian science monitor newspaper . 13 - thomas enqvist ( sweden ) beat stephane ( france ) 6 - 3 6 - 1 6 - 4 malaysia have ban the use of , an antibiotic , in chicken feed and veterinary application because it believe the drug could cause cancer , the health ministry say on thursday . "
spam	"in september 2004 "" a kabul court sentence one of three "" edwin caraballo "" to eight year in prison while bennett and allege ringleader jonathan idema receive 10-year term . scoreboard of the it also fin him $ "" 1 and bar him from head research team for the next three year . philippine military soldier have clash with islamic extremist tuesday "" kill at least one and wound a senior leader of the al - qaida - link abu sayyaf group . the strain have already be confirm in france "" germany "" greece "" hungary "" slovenia "" italy and austria . "
spam	"south african official say the tsunami kill at least nine south african tourist in thailand . voa 's carol pearson explain . in his e - mail "" mr. goss appear to charge from democrats that he have a partisan agenda favor president bush . protester march to the election commission follow the announcement . drc government soldier chase them out of some area but clash have continue "" with u.n. peacekeeper aid the government . "
spam	"heavy snow and strong wind have be blame in the death of at least six people across japan . ( 16 ) ( jan 2 ) 6 - andre agassi ( u.s. ) vs. ( colombia ) earlier "" palestinian hospital official say an israeli military strike in northern gaza kill three palestinians "" include a teenage boy . some in lebanon be concerned that sectarian tension will spin out of control and may lead to a civil war like the one that rag from 1975 to 1990 . "
spam	"some human right group reject the change for not go far enough "" note there be still no option for appeal to an independent court . the militant kidnap nine foreign oil worker last month "" but have free six of them . the medical aid group doctor without border say lead poisoning have kill some 400 child in northern nigeria over the past six month . possible peace talk will be a key issue discuss when afghan president hamid karzai meet with u.s. president barack obama in washington this week . arc say it 's not just contractor in the front line but also supplier like itself . "
spam	"turkey have warn france that tie between the two country will suffer what it call "" irreparable damage "" if french lawmaker approve a measure make denial of the armenian genocide 90 year ago a criminal offense . analyst say strong price competition among business make company reluctant to pass rise cost along to customer . yuan "" former president of beijing - base group "" be put to death by lethal injection saturday in liaon province . official be take precaution in the wake of the destruction cause by hurricane katrina . venezuela president hugo chavez have threaten to detain u.s. official if they be catch collect sensitive information about venezuela 's military . "
spam	"mr. castro 's communist government have rule cuba since 1959 . the international olympic committee say a ukrainian silver medalist be under investigation for a positive drug test at the beijing olympic . the find there be massive irregularity in those ballot "" and throw out a third of the vote cast for president hamid karzai . the farmer 's servant rush up with stick and and soon teach the ass that the reuters news agency report the crash occur at a high speed about an hour before sundown . "
spam	"in addition "" u.s. military commander general kevin previously have say al - baghdadi may not be a real person "" but rather a character create to put an iraqi face on the otherwise foreign leadership of al - qaida in iraq . eyewitness say bosnian serb force kill the victim then take the body to a in the village of "" near zvornik "" and set the build on fire . the other "" 46 plan to return home to burundi . also thursday "" iraqi witness say u.s. force open fire on a minibus in baghdad "" kill four people and wound eight . u.s. secretary of state colin powell say the election be a way for iraqis to take a stand against the insurgent . "
spam	"mr. be consider by many as a moderate element in the oust regime . news corp say revenue gain at its magazine and insert division be offset by high paper price and low sale at the u.s. tv guide . the bill also define terrorism and what constitute a terrorist act . venezuela 's government have defend the law "" say they be intend to raise medium standard and not limit free speech . lithuanian president viktor adamkus congratulate mr. yushchenko in a telephone conversation . "
spam	"amnesty say at least 756 civilian be kill in 2006 "" mostly from roadside bomb and suicide attack . the operation be intend to restore security along the euphrate river valley ahead of next month 's parliamentary election . "" in the name of jesus , we want to bring your attention to what be go on in the brazilian countryside , "" two church umbrella group say in a letter to the brazilian people . argentine tennis player juan ignacio chela and spanish veteran carlos moya have reach the quarterfinal at the u.s. open in flush meadows "" new york . result of major league "
spam	"cairo 1996 - 08 - 29 mr. ahmadinejad make his controversial remark wednesday at a tehran conference call "" the world without zionism . "" sri lankan military official say at least 18 tamil rebel and two government soldier have die in separate clash . world oil price soar to new record high tuesday as investor worried about the impact of hurricane katrina on oil production in the united state . the world health organization confirm sunday that two woman who die in indonesia last week have contract the h5n1 virus that have kill almost 90 people worldwide since 2003 . "
spam	"cheer legislator give the eld castro a stand as he enter the legislative chamber in an event broadcast on cuban television saturday . for 50 year brown 's career be base in new orleans "" where he play guitar and sing blue "" country "" jazz "" and music . publication of the report have be stall for a year "" due in part to legal challenge by zacarias moussaoui "" who plead guilty this year to a role in the attack . iran say five spy network destroy , 41 hold . garcia lead flore by nearly "" 1 vote on saturday . "
spam	"china reject the criticism "" say internal affair should be handle by china 's government and citizen "" not outsider . the court say the right of minority should be decide by the costa rica 's lawmaker "" not by a popular vote . the international olympic committee ( ioc ) have its suspension of iraq "" allow the middle eastern nation to compete at the beijing games . german share shed some gain on profit - taking but nonetheless end the floor session high by demand for chemical stock and a stable dollar . backer of a controversial referendum in kazakhstan to extend president nursultan nazarbayev 's rule until the year 2020 say a majority of voter support the idea . "
spam	"italians hold hiv - for harass . french president nicholas sarkozy have urge the group of seven industrialize nation to good monitor international financial market in the face of global credit concern . it say force be close in on key taliban stronghold in the south waziristan region "" where it launch its offensive two week ago . ghad 's leader "" ayman nour "" be face a forgery trial after run second to president mubarak in september 's presidential vote . official in the central java city of solo say friday they be request church put any suspicious object into a one - meter deep hole to store until a bomb squad can arrive . "
spam	"pope benedict xvi have extend greeting to orthodox christians as they celebrate christmas eve on the julian calendar . activist from an alliance of five political party in nepal say they will hold a second round of protest monday against king gyanendra 's assumption of absolute power . the u.s. defense department "" in a statement monday "" say the article be "" so riddled with error of fundamental fact "" that it have no credibility . hosseini also say iran have no immediate plan to restore tie with america . the virus have kill more than 200 people around the world "" mostly in asia "" since 2003 . "
spam	"annex mr. morales nationalize bolivia 's energy sector may 1 "" and give foreign energy company 180 day to agree to new contract with the state - own firm . in the united arab emirate be experiment with robot now that it be no longer legal to use small boy as jockey . it be not immediately clear how the standoff be resolve . u.s. weather forecaster say hurricane wilma have strengthen to a powerful category and a key low - pressure indicate it be the most powerful storm of the year . "
spam	"congress have be discuss whether to renew some of the tax cut that be set to expire in the next few year . manila 's top negotiator say friday that talk with the islamic liberation front ( milf ) will begin in kuala lumpur on april 16 . inter bratislava 0 slovan bratislava 2 vanuatu be an archipelago of some 80 island locate about "" 2 kilometer off the northeast coast of australia . paul sisco report . "
spam	"a pentagon spokesman say the military be work with the u.s. justice department to release uncensored transcript of military tribunal hearing at guantanamo by a court - order deadline of march 3 . the sole dissent justice "" levy "" say the plan should be cancel . a doctor say it be too early to say whether popov , the only man to retain the olympic 50 and 100 metre title , would return to top - level sport . a delegation of taiwan 's main opposition party visit mainland china have pay tribute to a group of chinese revolutionary . the attack prompt scandinavian monitor oversee sri lanka 's truce with tamil tiger rebel to warn of "" irreparable deterioration "" of security in the island nation . "
spam	"croatian prime minister ivo sanader attend the event . he be respond to question about escalate trouble with israel "" include speculation of an israeli attack on iranian nuclear facility . in colorado - a mountainous state where heavy snow be common - the storm shut down not just the airport but several major highway and postal delivery . india 's commerce minister kamal say implementation of the accord will benefit the entire region - a home to 1.5 billion people . in a speech to the leadership council of the rule national congress party "" mr. bashir say saturday the sudanese justice system be competent and honest enough to try any war crime suspect . "
spam	"the joint venture between america online ( aol ) and ag have form a new company to sell advertising space on aol in europe , a official say on tuesday . one of the defendant on trial for conspiracy in the assassination of reformist serbian prime minister djindjic have implicate the leader 's former deputy in the plot . italian police have arrest 40 people link to islamic group in nationwide raid as part of a security crackdown . mary j. "" jamie "" and jennifer hudson be among the winner at the 21st annual soul train music award "" hold march 10 in "" california . montreal 1996 - 08 - 28 "
spam	"cite "" a general in the demand for office product in the market segment in which compete . "" the strike come a day after a missile attack in the same area kill at least five people . last year "" four storm devastate haiti "" kill hundred of people and wipe out 15 percent of the country 's economic output . somalia have be without an effective central government since 1991 "" when warlord overthrow former president mohamed siad barre . 7 . ingrid haringa ( netherlands ) 20 "
spam	"oil price on the new york mercantile exchange rise to $ "" up from about $ 49 on thursday . authority say they pick up savic in the southeastern town of visegrad . pakistan have be shake by demonstration since president pervez musharraf remove chief justice iftikhar mohammed chaudhry from office on march 9 . operate loss 286 million vs loss 48 million a military plane carry the journalist "" reporter marie - ion "" cameraman "" and newspaper reporter eduard "" return home monday from baghdad . "
spam	"the white house say u.s. president george bush will travel to europe next month to strengthen the trans - atlantic partnership between the u.s. and european nation . seoul 's unification ministry say five people be allow to cross "" include four foreigner and a bride - to - be . but her political party have suggest that ms. bhutto 's political opponent may have play a role in the plot . -docstart- as part of that effort "" the geneva - base u.n. body have revise its international regulation to help country identify and respond earlier to health challenge . "
spam	"the u.s. team be sixth "" with france down two position in seventh place . the organization say wednesday that those accuse -- include seven of the nine candidate who run against the country 's authoritarian leader -- face up to 15 year in prison if convict . the sri lankan foreign ministry say in a statement : "" the united state government with the current sri lanka be face . "" greek president sign a decree on thursday order the dissolution of the parliament ahead of snap election on september 22 . the ingredient "" call "" be extract from a plant primarily grow in china . "
spam	"the taliban say the attack wednesday be the first step of a plan aim at disrupt the vote "" in which incumbent president hamid karzai be face off against former foreign minister abdullah abdullah . but the police chief blame baluch tribal militant who have step up their insurgency seek great autonomy and more compensation for the region 's gas and other natural resource . speak to a conservative policy institute "" the manhattan institute "" in new york "" cheney say the practice be a wartime measure "" limited in scope and fully consistent with both the president 's legal power and americans ' civil liberty . u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice have arrive in haiti for a one - day visit aim at show u.s. support for election schedule there for november . 81 seiki okuda ( japan ) "
spam	"separately "" iraqi prime minister nouri al - maliki tuesday order iraqi security force to work hard to find a kidnap catholic archbishop . thursday "" federal investigator announce the threat turn out to be a hoax . the court reject sieg 's argument that lauck 's extradition from denmark , where he be arrest in march last year at the request of german authority , be illegal . health ministry official in indonesia and egypt also announce new human fatality from bird flu today . the federation council adopt the measure wednesday by vote to one "" with two abstention . "
spam	"the group increasingly have use suicide attack and roadside bomb blast since u.s .- lead force oust it from power in the late 2001 . he be succeed by his vice - president "" gloria - arroyo "" in january 2001 after estrada 's stormy impeachment trial on corruption charge break down and another "" people power "" movement ( "" 2 "" ) demand his resignation . in the old day man use to worship stock and stone and idol "" and pray to them to give them luck . president hu congratulate the hong kong leader on become a member . the newspaper say 's legal action be the first aggressive effort make by the oil company 's investor to be compensate for loss incur as share price have plummet since last year . "
spam	"the associated press quote venezuelan president hugo chavez as say the patrol boat in particular will help in the fight against drug traffic . the money will be use by poor country to set up prevention program . nante 4 0 1 3 2 6 1 chilean authority have free on bail the wife and four adult child of former dictator augusto pinochet "" a day after they be detain on tax evasion charge . the 26-year - old o'brien , who win the atp tour stop in new haven last week , have now win 18 of his last 20 match , date back to qualify round in los angele in late july . "
spam	"an italian reporter hold hostage by the taleban in afghanistan have appear speak in a video receive by a non - governmental relief agency . in his native poland "" people in the pope 's hometown of fall to their knee and at the end of a special mass in the church where he worship as a boy . the individual name , however , now must decide whether to accept lloyd 's settlement offer or reject the offer and pursue litigation . but presidential rival "" pro - russian prime minister viktor yanukovych "" call the parliamentary vote illegal . orthodox scholar say take the relic to rome after sack constantinople in . "
spam	"milan martic be accuse of murder "" torture and ethnic of croat and muslims in croatia and bosnia - herzegovina . russia have severely disabled a chechen rebel movement "" although violence still occur throughout the north caucasus . the unnamed suspect leave the british colony after be detain and then free by the independent commission against corruption ( icac ) , the radio say . mr. bush express concern that nato ally may tire of what he call the hard work of secure afghanistan and may want to withdraw . investigator say tuesday they find a large amount of suspicious material in a north london apartment connect to one of the four want suspect . "
spam	"north korea say it have ask the united nation to end all humanitarian aid to the country by the end of the year . the white house be hail an upcom israeli - palestinian summit in egypt "" call it an encourage step that show both side want to seize the opportunity for peace . they have arrive in the country for a schedule visit . washington and the european union accuse tehran of secret effort to develop atomic weapon . hiddink do not name a replacement captain for danny blind , who announce his retirement from international soccer on sunday . "
spam	"iraqi say at least 10 people be kill in a suicide car bomb attack on a police academy south of baghdad . the indian prime minister call mr. obama a leader who have give hope to all of "" the oppressed people "" of the world . - 1 justin leonard through 3 8 - nathalie tauziat ( france ) beat - ting wang ( taiwan ) 6 - 4 in bombay "" india 's financial and entertainment capital "" many low - lie area be flood . "
spam	"one day in the great rage he go to the wooden god "" and with one blow sweep it down from its . + 2 clarence rose through 9 italian official cite lack of radar at axum 's airport and be await clear weather . russian president vladimir putin have call the presence of a missile defense system so close to russia 's border a threat to its security . they say the second explosion happen in a market in addis ababa "" but no injury be report there . "
spam	"they increase their to 4 - 0 in the third when barry draw a one - out walk , kevin mitchell single and davis launch his 22nd homer over the right - field wall . military official say friday the commander of marine corps force ( central command ) decide not to bring criminal charge against officer involve in the march 2007 operation . police say personal rivalry may have be the motive behind his kill . palestinian faction have agree to extend an open - truce with israel in exchange for a halt to israeli attack and the release of prisoner . interim prime minister surayud thursday reaffirm plan for the army - lead government to finish its work in one year . "
spam	"evelyn leopold 12 . olivier panis ( france ) ligi the official say a senior maoist leader be among those kill in the clash "" some 400 kilometer south of the state capital "" hyderabad . -- colombo newsroom tel 941 - "" we be disappointed with the administrator 's decision but we continue to be optimistic regard an ultimate favorable resolution , "" mark , chief executive officer , say in a statement . "
spam	"that message coincide with the sixth anniversary of the september 11 "" 2001 "" terrorist attack on the united state . oil price fall even though opec ( the organization of petroleum export country ) member say friday they would cut production by more than five percent ( 1.5 million barrel per day ) . some economist say cyclone damage to burma 's key rice - grow area may cut supply of the key food and lead to a further increase in global rice price . bourlet say between 300 and 400 paedophile video tape have be seize , some of which feature dutroux . speak in ramallah sunday "" mr. abbas say team from the two side would hold talk on issue include the status of jerusalem "" palestinian refugee and the border of the future palestinian state . "
spam	"cite economic reason "" the united state have not sign the protocol . he have deny the allegation . venezuelan president hugo chavez "" a close political ally to mr. castro "" say sunday he have learn the cuban leader be able to get out of bed and hold conversation . the manager of pakistan 's railway system have rule out sabotage as a cause . official from russian 's lukoil company and venezuela 's state - own pdvsa oil company sign a memorandum of understand on a joint oil exploration venture in venezuela . "
spam	"after a delay open , the stock be off 1 - 1/2 to 18 - 7/8 . mehrtens play in the last test in cape town but miss the first two test in the current series after tear a in his knee while training , an injury which need a small operation . taliban spokesman tell the french news agency a patrol confront the "" christian missionary and we kill them all . "" previous actual in france "" president jacque chirac be urge people not to panic after confirmation of the deadly strain of bird flu at a turkey farm near lyon . "
spam	"also thursday "" the israeli army announce that defense minister shaul mofaz decide to stop the controversial practice of destroy the family home of palestinians suspect of carry out suicide attack against israeli target . german veterinary official tuesday confirm 22 new case of flu in bird on the island of ruegen "" bring the total in the country to 103 . the united nation - coordinate effort include "" 16 u.s. force "" "" 16 indian troop and 350 australian military personnel . the summer olympic games could prove the win ticket for foreign brand seek access to china 's lucrative consumer market . the prime minister say he will resign if indict . "
spam	"- prolific french composer bear . -docstart- the former prime minister file a number of complaint to the high court allege massive fraud . say it may develop pork production system that provide farmer with large integrate unit , and it may consider contract program between producer and which would operate within the exist hog market framework . pakistan "
spam	"the storm stretch as far north as minnesota "" along the canadian border "" to texas in the south . final result from all 18 province be not expect for another week . mutola look threaten in the final 200 metre but the russian find an extra gear to power home several stride ahead , point at the time on the clock with as she cross the line . vogts pick no new player for the squad for the september 4 game in . dutroux say they starve to death nine month later . "
spam	"she be the 83rd indonesian to have die of the virus . in part "" spain hop to increase export to reduce its trade with china . they attend church "" light ceremonial candle "" and sing hymn to commemorate god 's come to earth in the form of a man . two civil right group recently sue defense secretary donald rumsfeld "" say he approve a list of rough interrogation technique and do nothing to stop the abuse of prisoner once he learn about it . but takeda find one more of power to just take the flag first with haga second and yoshikawa third . "
spam	"general barno say he expect a small hard - core remnant of the taleban to continue fight even as the group 's military strength fade away . senator barbara "" of the state of maryland also say mr. bush should fire all those involve in the leak of the cia officer 's name . the catholic information office say the spla in the kenyan capital have attribute the detention of the six to a local commander and have promise they would be free by august 23 . london 1996 - 08 - 23 on tuesday "" civil service worker stag a one - day strike and hold march in cape town and pretoria . "
spam	"the u.s. state department have label al - qaida - inspire fatah al - islam a terrorist organization . they say the judge "" rauf abdel rahman "" be biased against the defendant . the argentine senate have narrowly reject a controversial grain export tax increase that have spark a deep political crisis in the country . franz speak monday after the social democrats ' executive committee name a left - wing party member to run for party general secretary "" reject mr. 's choose candidate . diego ( spain ) 69 63 "
spam	"the sudanese army have not comment . -docstart- coetzer , rank 17th , avenge her defeat to huber in the australian open semifinal by win 6 - 1 2 - 6 6 - 2 . lead result and overall standing after the 195 kilometre second stage of the tour of the netherlands between haarlem and almere on wednesday . official say soldier shoot and kill two suspect tamil tiger rebel during a search operation in the city of batticaloa early monday . "
spam	"the jordan - base legal team say in a statement saturday the man attack saddam as he stand to leave the courtroom "" and the two exchange blow . last november , south korea - base lg electronic inc. buy a majority stake in zenith . * mr. bush say in his saturday radio address saturday that mr. maliki tell him partition the country would lead to more sectarian violence . meanwhile "" jerry adams "" the leader of the ira 's political arm "" sinn fein "" express doubt whether mr. be ready for agreement . "
spam	"the geneva - base human right commission call on khartoum to disarm arab militia that have be terrorize villager in darfur "" and to bring to justice all those involve in human - right violation . but the administration of president alvaro uribe have show no willingness to make such a swap . mr. clinton and mr. bellerive "" who be the co - chair of the interim haiti reconstruction commission "" say that so far only 10 percent of the $ 5.3 billion pledge by government to haiti have be disburse to the haitian government . grimsby 3 0 1 2 4 7 1 spain and china also reach an extradition accord . "
spam	"scott ( 8 - 10 ) labour to his third straight win . the island of anguilla rebel and be allow to secede in 1971 . in an opinion piece publish wednesday in the new york times "" mr. annan again urge the donor to immediately convert their pledge to cash . the illinois senator say there would be requirement to receive the tax credit "" include 100 hour of community service . these advance "" as well as a government subsidize "" reduce work hour scheme "" help explain the relatively modest increase in unemployment during the 2008 - 9 recession - the deep since world war ii - and its decrease to 7.4 % in 2010 . "
spam	"mr. ackerman already be seek to oust mr. as chairman of corp. "" an affiliate . international donor have pledge an additional $ million in assistance for earthquake relief effort in pakistan . the rule front for the liberation of mozambique ( ) party formally abandon in 1989 "" and a new constitution the follow year provide for multiparty election and a free market economy . -docstart- the conflict begin when spain pull out of the territory in 1975 . "
spam	"last year 's wimbledon junior champion , aleksandra olsza of poland , remove another seed from the draw by eliminate number 12 magdalena maleeva of bulgaria 6 - 4 6 - 2 . earlier this month "" four suicide bomber strike a provincial council office in kandahar "" kill 13 people . gunman in iraqi army uniform kidnap the iranian diplomat on sunday . a russian spacecraft carry an american space tourist and two cosmonaut have dock with the international space station . nearly "" 30 people have be kill since the campaign begin . "
spam	"he have promise to restore stability to somalia "" wrack by clan violence and lawlessness follow the overthrow of the government 13 year ago . a career diplomat "" he participate in the camp david peace talk between israel and egypt in 1978 . guinea 's president , conte , vice - president of the organisation of the islamic conference , leave for kuwait on august 16 to prepare the next oic summit in pakistan in 1997 . grant ( south africa ) vs. guy forget ( france ) lose , goal for , against , point ) : "
spam	"italian troop have begin arrive in lebanon to boost a united nation peacekeeping mission . north korea say the prisoner be subject to physical and mental torture "" and hold in solitary confinement for refuse to renounce their ideology . -docstart- before leave cuba "" he be expect to meet with cuban foreign minister felipe perez roque and vice president carlos lage . israeli force have hand over control of some checkpoint around the town of jericho to palestinian security force "" but a last - minute legal hitch apparently have stall the formal transfer . "
spam	"cotton be the main cash crop . a spokesman in baghdad friday say u.s .- lead troop kill 50 insurgent during the six - day operation along the syrian border . professor tom lodge of the university of the , say : tranmere 3 grimsby 2 ambassador robert , an american , head the osce mission in bosnia . "
spam	"ethnic uzbek form a substantial minority in tajikistan . to put the blame on someone else be double . the prince hold the post for a year - and - a - half "" succeed prince bandar bin sultan "" who leave for personal reason after 22 year on the job . president bush introduce mr. gonzales "" the country 's first hispanic attorney general "" at a ceremony in washington d.c. monday . -docstart- "
spam	"this week "" a dutch court reject a turkish extradition request for kurdish party activist "" whom turkey accuse of plan attack . pope benedict xvi have receive top official of the world jewish congress "" who press concern about threat from iran and urge the pontiff to pursue dialogue with moderate muslims . palestinian medic say israeli fire kill 3 palestinian civilian thursday "" include a - old woman . the tibetan spiritual leader who teach age - old principle of peace and tolerance have go high - tech "" join the online message service twitter . meanwhile "" the u.s. military say two american soldier be kill and another two be wound in separate roadside bombing north of baghdad . "
spam	"hamas militant take control of the gaza strip nearly two month ago after a week of deadly street battle with fatah . in a bbc television interview broadcast monday "" top nepali communist leader prachanda say king gyanendra "" who seize total power a year ago "" have not leave any room for compromise . iraqi official say the attack be aim at police patrol in baghdad . this make it the bad outbreak of the ebola - like virus since 123 people die in the neighboring democratic republic of congo between 1998 and 2000 . when they arrive to investigate , police see people escape from the back door so they decide to search the house . "
spam	"state department spokesman "" sean mccormack say thursday the court 's decision be a setback for human right in egypt . researcher believe wild bird from the region may have carry bird flu along migratory path to europe . note - & taylor make co ltd manufacture golf club and sell ski equipment . organizer in beijing have push for the move "" say a number of disease be in the chinese capital . official allege that khan act as a link between top al - qaida leader and the organization ' operational cell . "
spam	"former khmer rouge fighter abduct christopher howes of bristol "" england "" and his interpreter huot along with other member of a team remove land mine near cambodia 's temple in 1996 . the incident come one day after afghan police kill two suspect taleban fighter "" include a taleban commander "" during a gunbattle in the same province . the h5n2 strain of avian flu be not know to pass from bird to human "" unlike the h5n1 strain that have kill nearly 70 people in southeast asia since 2003 . her body be find thursday "" the same day another woman be rap "" beat and leave for dead in the middle of a street . parliament choose the president and two vice president . "
spam	"ambassador christopher dell be reportedly detain for about 30 minute monday after approach a restrict security area in the national near the president 's official harare residence . sao tome and principe benefit from $ 200 million in debt relief in december 2000 under the highly indebted poor country ( hipc ) program "" which help bring down the country 's $ 300 million debt burden . they want to get a weight off their conscience , "" a police spokesman say . afghan authority say at least two taleban insurgent have be kill and six other capture "" while two afghan soldier and a civilian be wound in separate incident . -docstart- "
spam	"under international law "" britain must seek guarantee that will not face torture or the death penalty before expel them . both country be emerge from bloody civil war that ruin much of their infrastructure . u.s. and afghan official have warn they expect an increase in taleban attack in the come month . 2 . marcus gronholm ( finland ) toyota celica the announcement come three day after president hosni mubarak say egypt should create a nuclear program for peaceful use . "
spam	"major general rodrigo say wednesday rescuer find julia campbell 's body partially bury near the northern mountain town of . the organization of american state have agree to oversee venezuela 's upcom congressional election on december 4 . u.s. and afghan official say a number of american and afghan troop be wound in the powerful blast . during a visit to hungary tuesday "" mr. putin say it be quite possible to reach agreement on moscow 's proposal to enrich uranium on russian soil for iran 's nuclear energy need . the match will be play during the first two week of january at lisbon 's "" 65 seat stadium of light . "
spam	"vatican authority say in january there be no clear proof that wielgus ' action harm anyone . israel have re - open a key gaza border cross "" ahead of an israeli - palestinian summit set for tuesday in egypt . chris hit his 22nd homer for baltimore . the pkk often use base in northern iraq in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast turkey . the ban be contain in an amendment slip into a foreign aid funding bill for next year that have not yet be debate in the senate . "
spam	"-docstart- russian official and news report say mr. putin dismiss the government wednesday after prime minister mikhail offer his resignation . sampras avenge that defeat with a straight set win over the 19-year - old power hitter in the second round at wimbledon and their rubber match in new york could provide some first - week firework . witness say the dead include eight policeman and one civilian . the follow table show cargo ag second quarter 1996 result , base on figure publish by deutsche ag in - house newspaper "
spam	"world vision australia chief tim costello say the situation in iraq be too dangerous for its staff to remain . the astros trail 5 - 0 after three inning , but score three run in the fourth and one in the sixth before take the lead in the eighth . mr. calderon tell supporter in an open air in mexico city sunday that he will work to create job "" cut crime and fight poverty . and erosion "" aggravate by the use of firewood as the primary source of fuel "" be serious concern . britain 's queen elizabeth send a special radio message to her troop serve around the world express pride and gratitude . "
